# Meeting Transcription

  Meeting started: 5/3/2026, 7:48:59 AM
  Duration: 733 minutes
  Participants: Akash Balmiki, Asha Ponraj, Ashika Farzana, Bhagya Ganisetti, Damodaran Selvaraj, Devi Narayanan, Jeganathan K, Kamalam jayaraman, Kannabiran G, Manoj PS, Minumithra, Mohamed Noordeen, Muniappan Mohanraj, Naushin, neelsvel1, Parthasarathi, Pon Ezhil, Ramesh Kandasamy, Sathiyarajan Mariyappan, Shabbir J, Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam, Sirajuddeen G, Sriram Subramanian, Sunitha Ramu, Suresh Soundararajan, Sureshkumar Venkatachalam, Venkatesan prahalanathan

  [View original transcript](https://app.tactiq.io/api/2/u/m/r/7VvPLbp4XSlf6miHuH4y?o=txt)

    

  

  
    ## Highlights

    > 22:26 Asha Ponraj: Yeah. Yeah, regarding the 7th paper, helpful, homeless and assistant, they have mentioned it was mentioned in the in the summary that anthropic cost a harder question and later they found they created some models for HH and they created a data with HH. You mean that data was used to used.
> 22:49 Asha Ponraj: Yeah, regarding the 7th paper, helpful homeless and assistant, they have mentioned, it was mentioned in the summary that anthropy caused a harder question and later they found, they created some models for HH and they created a data with HH. You mean That data was used to used again with the ChatGPT to I mean instruct GPT to learn more. Yeah, anthropic.
> 29:19 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, so I said that you'll just start with one important concept. Okay, so I said that we'll just start with one important concept. Still off experts. School of experts. So this is a concert. So this is a concert where. Um... Which came around the year 2024 so.
> 36:22 Mohamed Noordeen: It's one thing. Let's do one thing. Let me try to do summarise just quick summary. So whatever I told you, if you can understand that that's more than enough, but still let's try to summarise and see our understanding whatever I told is correct or not. Let me try to do summarize, just quick summary. So whatever I told you, if you can understand that, that's more than enough, but still, let's try to summarise and see our understanding whatever I told is correct or not.
> 54:13 Mohamed Noordeen: If you want to use this kind of a setup, for me it was kind of directly go and ask questions so that it can able to give the summary. Reading this particular page that is helpful.
> 54:28 Mohamed Noordeen: If you want to use this kind of a setup for me, it was kind of directly go and ask questions so that it can able to give the summary reading this particular page.
> 01:01:01 Akash Balmiki: OK. OK, the goal is from the cost related, right, the optimising the cost?
> 01:01:06 Akash Balmiki: OK, the goal is from the cost related, right? The optimising the cost. And fast. and passed.
> 01:14:54 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, temperature token. Yeah, that is other important concept. OK, so let's try to again. So I have. Yeah, temperature token. Yeah, that is other important concept. OK, so let's try to again. So I have this PPT for you, but let me just take PPE token.
> 01:20:22 Mohamed Noordeen: I. Is something from mine. I need to change. I'm not sure, or teams itself is having this issue, I'm not sure. Is something from mine. I need to change. It is something from mine I need to change. I'm not sure or Teams itself is having this issue. I'm not sure. OK, so BP is a sub word organisation algorithm, so it's an algorithm.
> 01:43:15 Mohamed Noordeen: A very important concept place. So I want everybody's attention here. A very important concept, guys, so I want to everybody's attention here.
> 01:43:26 Mohamed Noordeen: Ugh. So this particular concert, what we are going to discuss now that is on BP temperature, top B, top K These are one of the very important interview questions people easily ask. So this particular concept, what we are going to discuss now, that is on the BP, temperature, top P, top K. These are one of the very important interview questions people. Easily ask and you can also easily explain to them it's not so difficult. Only thing is you need to understand the concept. I need to understand the need of that concept that is more important. What is the need of those concept? If you can understand the threats behind this so that is going to very much helpful. OK.
> 01:44:11 Mohamed Noordeen: easily ask and you can also easily explain to them. It's not so difficult. Only thing is you need to understand the concept and you need to understand the need of that concept. That is more important. What is the need of those concepts? If you can understand the cracks behind this, that is going to be very much helpful.
> 01:59:19 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes, it's just understand this guys. You don't want to do any sort of math around. No homework, no assignment. I just want to understand things to understand here. You can talk in. That's all. So first thing is take whole corpus and then with whole words whatever you have convert to a character level and then with those character.
> 01:59:40 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes, yes. Just understand this, guys. You don't want to do any sort of math around, no homework, no assignment. You just want to understand things. If you understand here, you can talk in interview, that's all. So first thing is take whole corpus and then with whole words, whatever you have, convert to a character level.
> 02:15:28 Mohamed Noordeen: This is my corpus, total corpus. And from this corpus, I'm defining how much time each token occurred, how much time split of token occurred, so how much time we are, as we combine the tokens, we are finding the numbers. OK. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so. Yeah. Yeah. So you this issue should consider this also this frequency. OK, fine. Coming back here. So in this case, the out of vocabulary format you will you will.
> 02:30:27 Mohamed Noordeen: Just give me a moment. I just. I just give me. Give me a moment. I just need to take the important call.
> 02:30:32 Mohamed Noordeen: Just give me a moment, I just, I just give me, give me a moment, I just need to take the important call from.
> 02:37:09 Mohamed Noordeen: Arsh. Let's see you. But you want this also. It is kind of generating emojis. Also it can able to understand fine. Let's see here, but even this also it is kind of emojis also it can able to understand. Fine. OK, so this is all about VP. So now now you are clear about what is byte pair encoding and how. Fine. Okay, so this is all about BP. So now you are clear about what is byte pair encoding. And how GPT or LLM sees the input. It is not seeing the input in a character level or a word level. Rather it is seeing in a token level and another important information. If you see this, read this particular text here. A helpful rule of thumb.
> 02:37:46 Mohamed Noordeen: and how GPT or LLM sees the input. It is not seeing the input in a character level or a word level, rather it is seeing in a token level. And another important information, if you see this, read this particular text here.
> 02:41:46 Mohamed Noordeen: Mhm. Space is also a very important thing, right? Space is also a very important. Space is all a very important thing, right? Support.
> 02:47:45 Mohamed Noordeen: Temperature in the long so this is a very important question guys, very important.
> 02:47:50 Mohamed Noordeen: Temperature, so this is a very important question, guys. Very important question. Very important question. Interview to understand what is the temperature. Very important question: interview to understand what is the temperature.
> 02:55:34 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. Hold on. Still. Still. G. Oh yeah, so here is no longer available. We sell tomorrow or certain Spanish.
> 03:05:08 Devi Narayanan: Tonight.
> 03:45:21 Mohamed Noordeen: This is very important thing to understand guys.
> 03:45:23 Mohamed Noordeen: This is very important thing to understand guys, very, very important thing. Understand. Yeah.
> 03:45:26 Mohamed Noordeen: This is a very important thing to understand, guys. Very, very important thing to understand. Yeah. Yeah, it can change. It can change, but still the mat remains the highest priority, right?
> 03:50:24 Mohamed Noordeen: That's what this final step is doing. Yeah, that's that. Yeah, that is better. Top key. You said it. So how much? What is the top key you select that that will be that's also important thing you should consider. You should make a top K to be of relevant number relevant K so that you get a right assert. So if you are taking K.
> 03:50:46 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, that's that. Yeah, that is based on top K you select. So how much, what is the top K you select? That will be, that's also important thing you should consider. We should make a top K to be of relevant number, relevant K, so that you get a right result.
> 04:13:51 Mohamed Noordeen: Because if temperature is less than, if temperature is more than more than 0, you are kind of making the output to be more non-deterministic. But classification problem, you want it to be more deterministic. In that case, go with less T equal to 0. It, yeah, good question. So just get guys, everybody's clear this is very, very important. You should you should be in a real portion to answer this in interview when asked you explain them with an example where T equal to zero, t = 0.5 T equal to 1242 how it is going to range from how the how the response is going, how.
> 04:14:12 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, yeah, good question. So this is clear, guys. Everybody is clear. This is very, very important. You should be in a real position to answer this in interview when asked. You explain them with an example where T equal to 0, T equal to 0.5, T equal to 1, T, fold, two, how it is going to range from.
> 04:34:41 Asha Ponraj: I think he has some connection issue. I think he has some connexion issue.
> 04:39:50 Mohamed Noordeen: There it is. It's very important concept. I hope I have made it simpler. I want you. There, guys. It's a very important concept. I hope I have made it simpler. I want you to go back and understand, read and write an article on this top K temperature, top K, top P and also this BP byte pair encoding. So this four topics what we have learned. It's really interesting question to ask.
> 04:40:14 Mohamed Noordeen: I want you to go back and understand, read, and write an article on this top K temperature, top K, top P, and also this DP byte pair encoding. So, these four topics what we have learned, it's really...
> 04:47:27 Mohamed Noordeen: Top piece, we are going to select the top words, which is under the cumulative probabilities of 0.9. That's it. Very simple. 0.57, 0.78, 0.9, you have a cumulative probabilities and keep only the top score. And now if you speak top equal 0.6, you just only take only the top two. So here you have a chance of three. Here we have a chance of only two, OK. So here you have a chance of three. Here we have a chance of only two. OK, now, after this final sampling, this is what is very important. So now we sample from the philtre distribution. So these are philtre distribution example outcome with low temperature T plus key always T with higher temperature press top T would be matte floor.
> 04:47:45 Mohamed Noordeen: So, here you have a chance of three, here we have a chance of only two. OK, now after this final sampling, this is what is very important. So, now we sample from the philtre distribution. So, this is a philtre distribution example outcome with low temperature, T plus T, always T with higher temperature.
> 04:50:02 Mohamed Noordeen: We should talk about all those things. We should talk about temperature, top K, top B, and finally the sampling strategy that the random sampling is very important. Finally, from that top K and top P whatever we have started, we select a random sampling. OK, so yeah.
> 04:50:20 Mohamed Noordeen: We should talk about all those things. We should talk about temperature, top K, top P, and finally the sampling strategy, the random sampling is very important. Finally, from that top K and top P, whatever we have started, we select a random sampling. Okay. So yeah, I think this is very important topic. I hope you have got this topic. I want you to go and write a very good medium article on BP encoding and temperature top K, top B in one single article with some example. OK clear guys with this I think.
> 04:50:39 Mohamed Noordeen: So yeah, I think this is very important topic. I hope you have got this topic. I want you to go and write a very good medium article on BP encoding and temperature top K top V in one single article with some example. OK.
> 04:59:42 Mohamed Noordeen: So, top temperature, top K, top P used during only a different inference only on generation, so not use on the training process. OK, that's the that's also discussion came. OK, so in the training process, we always do this loss function to make my ground truth to be the best token. OK. I want my output to be the best. I want my output to be the best. Yeah. I think, yeah, that's the case. Next week we will have more hands on, OK. I think, yeah, that's the case. Next week, we will have more hands-on. OK, we will try to create. We'll use olama. We will use APIs. So get ready because we have enough theoretical.
> 05:02:40 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. I just want to say that. So we will cover or we'll start the practical concept from next week. So next week purely we'll be doing a lot of practical. So get ready for your practicals. Have your olama in your locals and if possible, I would like you to go and get some credit from open AI or clod anyway. So anyone.
> 05:03:02 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, I just want to say that, so we will cover or will start the practical concept from next week. So next week, purely we'll be doing a lot of practical. So get ready for your practicals, have your Elumalai and your locals. And if possible, I would like you to go and get some credit from Open AI. Or Claude. Anyway, so anyone you can take it or Gemini. So have that API subscription you'll use that API subscription for next week, OK. or Claude, anyway, so anyone you can take it or Gemini. So have that API subscription. You'll use that API subscription for next week. Yeah. That's it. Yes, I did it.
> 05:03:13 Sathiyarajan Mariyappan: Yeah, got it. Yeah. No. So, you know, since we're going to do, you know, the olama, you know, exercise from next week, right, 8GB RAM on M1 is sufficient node or you want us to.
> 05:03:27 Sathiyarajan Mariyappan: Yeah, got it, no, no, yeah, no, so you know, since we are going to do, you know, the Olama, you know, exercise from next week, right? A GB RAM on M1 is sufficient node, or you want us to? OK.
> 05:04:40 Mohamed Noordeen: We will discuss this next week. I will just tell you how what to do. Don't, don't. Don't buy anything. So next week, we will. I will tell you what you can use it, what we can buy it.
> 05:04:52 Mohamed Noordeen: We will discuss this next week. I will just tell you how, what to do. Don't buy anything. So next week we will, I will tell you what you can use it, what we can buy it.

  ## Transcript

  00:00 Bhagya Ganisetti: I'm trying to
13:12 Mohamed Noordeen: Morning, guys.
13:23 Manoj PS: Good morning.
13:25 Asha Ponraj: Good morning. Good morning number.
14:02 Mohamed Noordeen: OK. Yeah, I think can start today's session. Sorry, there was a short miscommunication happened. I said yesterday, half an hour early but. I I didn't. Added Added that post in the what's in the the group. I just forgot to add that in the group and. Cause of that? Weren't able to. Start the session half an hour earlier. So please I just apologise because of that Sean miscommunication.
15:00 Mohamed Noordeen: And And yesterday I just told this very end of the session and. Two people were there. Two people were there. In that case. So in that case. I thought of to. I thought of the... Join 8:00 itself, so sorry for that short miscommunication. Join 8 o'clock itself, so sorry for that short miscommunication. Let's start today's session with the same concept. What topic? Whatever. I told you last yesterday. Let's start with that concept. What we will see today and we'll end the session by 4, four hours or something. I don't want to drag the session because of my short miscommunication. OK?
15:43 Mohamed Noordeen: Let's start today's session with the same concept, what topic whatever I told you last yesterday. Let's start with that concept what we will see today. And we'll end the session by 4 hours itself. I don't want to drag the session because of my short miscommunication. OK. Okay. Any questions before we start guys? So yesterday we we saw we did a short. Any questions before we start, guys? So, yesterday, we we saw we did a short... And Sean, with creating a GPT with your custom data set and also. and so on with creating a GPT with your custom data set. And also. Creating. Creating a...
16:03 Mohamed Noordeen: Uh UI for with that GPT what we have created where we can use the model to save and load the model and then we can create a UI or whatever the UI user is giving us a input that. UI for with that GPT what we have created where we can use the model to save and load the model and then we can create a UI where whatever the user is. Giving us a input that can be taken by the model and model can predict the output that we. Giving as an input that can be taken by the model, and model can predict the output. That we have seen.
16:26 Mohamed Noordeen: That we have seen also we have just started with olama how olama need download olama how to? that we have seen. Also, we have just started with Olama. How Olama, you download Olama, how to. Pull the model from alaman or you can use it alaman using in in the terminal itself. You just saw that very short very simple way of doing it and. Pull the models from Elumalai and how you can use it. Elumalai using in the terminal itself. We just saw that very short, very simple way of doing it. And then we just decided that. And then we just decided that. There are some things that we need to discuss today so that we will learn. There are some things that.
16:57 Mohamed Noordeen: There are some things that we need to discuss today so that we will learn. Any questions you have guys? Also, I told you to go through the paper summaries that are on. Any questions you have, guys? Also, I told you to go through the paper summaries that are on. 10/09 I noted papers I said to go through that and come back. Any questions? Then around 9, 9 or 10 papers I said to go through that and come back.
17:14 Mohamed Noordeen: Any questions on that? Any questions on that?
17:21 Devi Narayanan: Are you able to hear me? You are able to hear me?
17:23 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. Yeah.
17:24 Devi Narayanan: This is baby, Sir. Just one question. There was a mention about policy gradient here. I mean the paper. Can I have a a intro on that? Like how what does it mean?
17:35 Mohamed Noordeen: Policy trading.
17:36 Devi Narayanan: This is David, sir. Just one question. There was a mention about policy gradient theorem in the paper. Can I have an intro on that? Like, what does it mean?
17:36 Mohamed Noordeen: Policy trading.
17:37 Devi Narayanan: Policy gradient. Policy gradient. It was. It was, it was mentioned in PPO when when it.
17:42 Mohamed Noordeen: Uhh. Yeah. Policy proximal policy optimization.
17:45 Devi Narayanan: It was, it was mentioned in PPOs in. Policy grading methods. Policy gradient methods.
17:49 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, policy proximal policy optimization. A moment.
17:56 Devi Narayanan: Hello. Hello!
17:58 Mohamed Noordeen: But yeah, I'm just hearing you. Well, yeah, I'm just hearing you. Yeah. Yeah. So. Yeah, so... So we learned about this reinforcement learning with human feedback, right?
18:16 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yes, Sir. Yeah. Yes, Sir. Yeah.
18:19 Mohamed Noordeen: So this policy grading method is it's kind of a a reinforcement learning algorithm which is going to optimise this policy to select what kind of action needs. So, this policy grading method is, it's kind of a reinforcement learning algorithm which is going to optimise this policy to select. What kind of action needs to be done? What kind of action needs to be done? Uh... So it calculates the gradient of. So it calculates the gradient of. We need to learn about the. We need to learn about the P. About the reinforcement learning, so reinforcement learning happens with two things. One is we need to reward or you need to penalise it so.
19:01 Devi Narayanan: Penalise yeah. Female lives, yeah.
19:02 Mohamed Noordeen: About the reinforcement learning. So reinforcement learning happens with two things. One is you need to reward or you need to penalise it. So these two things needs to happen based on the mistakes. What you do in the current steps. If you're doing mistakes, then you need to penalise here if you're doing correct then you need to give a reward so that reward and happen based on this. So these two things needs to happen based on the mistakes what you do in the current steps. If you are doing mistakes, then you need to penalize. If you are doing correct, then you need to give a reward. So that reward.
19:18 Mohamed Noordeen: And when does it happen? Based on this policy gradient. So this gradient what is gradient gradient is nothing but you just need to iteratively update your weights, right? Iteratively update your weights. So here PPOS policy proximal optimization. So this reinforcement learning will help in help in iteratively change.
19:27 Devi Narayanan: That's right, yeah. That's right, yeah.
19:40 Mohamed Noordeen: And it happened based on this policy gradient. So this gradient, what is gradient gradient? Nothing, but you just need to iteratively update your weights, right? Iteratively update your weights. So here PPO is policy proximal optimization. So this reinforcement learning will help in. Help in Italy change your or update your gradients of the properties so the final probabilities what you're getting right, the probabilities of each tokens so there there will be some operation happens based on the mistakes you do and correct or or correct predictions you make. help in iteratively change your or update your gradients of the probabilities. So the final probability is what you are getting, right? The probabilities of each tokens. So there will be some updation happens based on the mistakes you do and correct or.
19:59 Mohamed Noordeen: Credit predictions you make, you give a reward or you give a penalization on the final steps. That's what is called policy gradient method. So in a very high note. or correct predictions you make, you give a reward or you give a penalization on the final steps. That's what is called policy gradient method. So in a very high note. OK.
20:12 Devi Narayanan: Got it, Sir. Thank you. Got it, sir. Thank you.
20:15 Mohamed Noordeen: So we have not gone through this reinforcement learning part. So and you don't want to worry about understanding very in detail learning about reinforcement learning, but understand what is happening on a. We have not gone through this reinforcement learning part, so, and you don't want to worry about understanding very in detail learning about reinforcement learning. Understand what is happening on a high level, that's enough. To understand what is happening on a high level, that's enough. It.
20:42 Devi Narayanan: Got it, sir. Thank you.
20:43 Mohamed Noordeen: Any other questions? Yeah, any other questions? Any other question guys? Any other question, guys?
21:07 Asha Ponraj: Not a question.
21:07 Devi Narayanan: But just one. One more question, sorry.
21:08 Asha Ponraj: Not a question.
21:10 Mohamed Noordeen: Well, please.
21:10 Asha Ponraj: Yeah, yeah. Go ahead. Go ahead, Devi.
21:10 Devi Narayanan: So, just one, one more question, sharjil.
21:10 Mohamed Noordeen: Well, please go. Please go.
21:13 Asha Ponraj: Yeah, yeah, go ahead, go ahead, Devi.
21:14 Devi Narayanan: So. So let me just learn about that zero shot, one shot and few shot. It's about giving an example, a pattern of the output that we need and we are trying to get that output for a different scenario. Right, Sir.
21:27 Mohamed Noordeen: This is giving giving an example. That's it.
21:28 Devi Narayanan: So when I just learn about that zero shot, one shot, and few shot, it's about giving an example, a pattern of the output that we need, and we are trying to get that output for a different scenario. Right, sir?
21:30 Mohamed Noordeen: This is giving giving an example, that's it.
21:30 Devi Narayanan: So when they actually give a scenario like yesterday, we gave a scenario for getting that UI right. So when we give a complete scenario, what does that actually fit into? Is that a 00 shot prompt or how does it how do we classify that?
21:46 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes, Zero shot is you. You don't give any example, it is directly ask the question and it should give you the answer for you. That's it. We're not giving any sample example to to make the a prompt to understand. This is what I need as an example, but you're just giving give me the answer for this. That's all. So that's that's that is zero shot. So no.
21:49 Devi Narayanan: So when we actually give a scenario, like yesterday we gave a scenario for getting that UI right, so when we give a complete scenario, what does that actually fit into? Is that a zero shot prompt or how does that, how do we specify that?
22:08 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, zero shot is you don't give any example. You just directly ask the question and it should give you the answer for you. That's it. We're not giving any sample example to make the prompt to understand this is what I need as an example. But you're just giving give me the answer for this. That's all. So. That's that's. That is zero shot. So no, no example directly give me the scenario. I'll write the answer. One shot is giving one example few shot is giving more than one example that's it.
22:11 Devi Narayanan: Got it. Got it. Yes. Understood. Got it. Thank you.
22:20 Mohamed Noordeen: That's that's that is zero shot, so no no example directly give me the scenario. I'll write the answer. One shot is giving one example, few shot is giving more than one example. That's it.
22:20 Devi Narayanan: Got it, sir. Thank you.
22:22 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah.
22:26 Asha Ponraj: Yeah. Yeah, regarding the 7th paper, helpful, homeless and assistant, they have mentioned it was mentioned in the in the summary that anthropic cost a harder question and later they found they created some models for HH and they created a data with HH. You mean that data was used to used.
22:32 Mohamed Noordeen: Mm.
22:49 Asha Ponraj: Yeah, regarding the 7th paper, helpful homeless and assistant, they have mentioned, it was mentioned in the summary that anthropy caused a harder question and later they found, they created some models for HH and they created a data with HH. You mean That data was used to used again with the ChatGPT to I mean instruct GPT to learn more. Yeah, anthropic.
22:53 Mohamed Noordeen: Entropic, right? Anthropic writing. Ohh.
22:57 Asha Ponraj: That data was used to used again with the ChatGPT to, I mean, instruct GPT to learn more, yeah, anthropic. Was it used by ChatGPT to make it more hitchhitch helpful and harmless?
23:04 Mohamed Noordeen: No, no. No, no.
23:07 Asha Ponraj: Was it used by ChatGPT to make it more HH, helpful and harmless? OK so.
23:09 Mohamed Noordeen: That is from the anthropic. But they're given an idea that because of this particular idea, their model was very good in terms of helpful and and helpfulness, or helpful and harmless output they would able to generate. In that case, they gave us strategies to the world. So now with that strategy, anybody can adapt it.
23:11 Asha Ponraj: Okay, so...
23:32 Asha Ponraj: OK, so before that itself instruct GPT we have done. I mean they have done with the human instructions and reward learning and all. They also did the same right? Their model would have also been helpful and harmless with the trade off.
23:34 Mohamed Noordeen: No, that is from the anthropic, but they're given an idea that because of this particular idea, their model was very good in terms of helpful and helpfulness or helpful and harmless output they were able to generate. In that case, they gave us strategies to the world. So now with that strategy, anybody can adapt it.
23:54 Asha Ponraj: Okay, so before that itself, instruct GPT, we have done, I mean, they have done with the human instructions and reward learning and all, they also did the same, right? Their model would have also been helpful and harmless with the trade-off.
23:56 Mohamed Noordeen: With opening a.
23:56 Asha Ponraj: Uh...
23:57 Mohamed Noordeen: With open EA.
23:58 Asha Ponraj: Yeah, in in strict GPT 6 to paper because seen that with the reinforcement learning and also with the like supervised fine tuning and reinsport reinforcement learning with the PPO we have seen that model.
24:17 Mohamed Noordeen: Mm.
24:18 Asha Ponraj: Yeah, in instruct GPT 6th paper, we have seen that with the reinforcement learning and also with the like supervised fine tuning and reinforcement learning with the PPO. We have seen that model has learned to behave properly and with less parameters, right? So that is already calmless and helpful, right?
24:25 Mohamed Noordeen: Ohh. No, there in the instant GPT, the main crux over there is adding a feedback from the human, so that is the first time anyone have done that by creating.
24:31 Asha Ponraj: We have seen that model has learned to behave properly and with less parameters, right? So that is already calmless and helpful, right? OK.
24:45 Mohamed Noordeen: No, there in the instant GPT, the main crux over there is adding a feedback from the human. So that is the first time anyone have done that.
24:45 Asha Ponraj: Okay.
24:45 Mohamed Noordeen: By creating a lot of question and answer from the labeler. By creating a lot of question and answer from the labeler.
24:50 Asha Ponraj: Mm.
24:50 Mohamed Noordeen: Like for example if somebody is asking any question related to anything which can harm a human being like how can I abuse someone? How can I make my neighbour to disturb? How can I stop someone?
25:11 Mohamed Noordeen: Like, for example, if somebody is asking any question related to anything which can harm a human being, like, how can I abuse someone? How can I make my neighbour to disturb? How can I? Stop someone from doing good. Uh, uh. Stop someone from doing good. Something like this kind of a question when somebody's asking. Stop someone from doing good. Something like this kind of a question. When somebody's asking, they would have written that. Sorry, I can't be able to answer this question. Sorry. This is kind of a question which is going to be treating. I'll for the human being. So I can't answer this. So that kind of a question answer they would have written advance in advance and.
25:20 Asha Ponraj: Any.
25:31 Mohamed Noordeen: stop someone from doing good. Something like this kind of a question when somebody's asking, they would have written that sorry, I can't able to answer this question. Sorry, this is kind of a question which is going to be treating ill for the human being, so I can't answer this. So that kind of a question answered, they would have. Return advance in advance and trained it by saying I can't answer for this particular thing. So so by doing this we are creating a value to the AI that you can be useful, but you cannot be useful in all the places in the hands of wrong people. So how can I make it?
25:36 Asha Ponraj: OK. Okay. Mm.
25:52 Mohamed Noordeen: written in advance and trained it by saying, I can't answer for this particular thing. So by doing this, we are creating a value to the AI that you can be useful, but you cannot be useful in all the places in the hands of wrong people. So how can I make it possible so I can create those set of cushion and? So how can I make it possible so I can create those set of questions? And answer and fine tune it as a supervised fine tuning it you do it. An answer and fine tune it as a supervised fine tuning it, you do it.
26:03 Mohamed Noordeen: But that's all the first step has been done, and then on top of it, they created a reward model. So whenever a user is asking a question, they generate multiple answers and then they ask the labeler to rank it. How useful, how much use.
26:04 Asha Ponraj: Okay.
26:21 Mohamed Noordeen: So that's all the first step has been done. And then on top of it, they created a reward model. So whenever a user is asking a question, they generate multiple answers and then they ask the labeler to rank it. Oh, useful. How much useful the answers are for particular question. There might be multiple answers which answer is more reliable. Which answer is more helpful, so they labelled it, ranked it and now with that ranking they created a reward model. That is, any question given an answer. They model itself kill reward. Which one is a best answer or what is?
26:43 Mohamed Noordeen: how useful, how much useful the answers are for a particular question. There might be multiple answers. Which answer is more reliable? Which answer is more helpful? So they labelled it, ranked it. And now with that ranking, they created a reward model. That is, any question given an answer, the model itself will reward. Which one is a best answer? Which one is a best answer or what is the reward score for a given answer now with that reward score they do a reinforcement learning PPO. So where based on the reward score, can you update the priorities output? Whatever you're getting? So can you do that so PPO that's what they have done and reinforcement learning with.
27:04 Mohamed Noordeen: Which one is the best answer, or what is the reward score for a given answer? Now, with that reward score, they do a reinforcement learning, PPO. So, where based on the reward score, can you update the probabilities output, whatever you're getting? So, can you do that? So, PPO. That's what they have done and. That's what they have done, and reinforcement learning with human feedback each time whenever the user is generating the model is generating the output, we find the reward score, and with that reward score we go on, change the probabilities of the output based on the reward or what.
27:23 Mohamed Noordeen: That's what they have done and reinforcement learning with human feedback. Each time whenever a user is generating the model is generating the output, we find the reward score and with that reward score we go and change the probabilities of the output. Based on the reward or penalization, what you're supposed to do, so that's what we have done. So here. So the helpfulness and harmlessness is not the only scenario we are trying to help. We are trying to help the model in a very generic way on a generic term. We are trying to help but anthropic that with that particular model. So they really focused on only on a helpful.
27:44 Mohamed Noordeen: based on the reward or penalization what you're supposed to do. So that's what we have done. So here, so the helpfulness and harmlessness is not the only scenario we are trying to help. We are trying to help the model in a very generic way. On a generic term, we're trying to help. But anthropic, that with that particular model, so. They really focused on only your helpfulness and harmlessness, and try to make the model more helpful and more harmless. How can I make that so so they just created created a concept of making the output with that particular concept of helpful by treating the output.
28:04 Mohamed Noordeen: they really focused on only on helpfulness and harmlessness and try to make the model more helpful and more harmless. How can I make that? So they just created a concept of making the output with that particular concept of helpfulness and harmlessness. By treating the output and responses by collecting more examples and making the model to understand how an output can be helpful and how output can be how one response can be an harmless they trained, they thought they teach the AI GPTS about the helpfulness and harmlessness we. by treating the output and responses, by collecting more examples and making the model to understand how an output can be helpful and output can be, how a response can be harmless. They trained, they taught, they teach the AI, the GPTs.
28:23 Mohamed Noordeen: about the helpfulness and harmlessness. We know what is helpfulness, we know how it is harmlessness, but AI itself doesn't know what is helpfulness and harmlessness. They treat it. So this is how helplessness is all about. This is how harmlessness is all about. They try to make the GPTs to understand that.
28:27 Asha Ponraj: Yeah. OK so. OK, so it was completely on anthropic side like what was happening there.
28:41 Mohamed Noordeen: Okay. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah.
28:47 Asha Ponraj: Okay, so it was completely on anthropic side, like what was happening there.
28:48 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, right.
28:48 Asha Ponraj: OK, OK.
28:48 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, right.
28:49 Asha Ponraj: Okay, thank you.
28:54 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So that case, let's start today's session. Yeah, yeah, so that case, let's start today's session. Me share my screen. Let me share my screen. Can you see my screen? Can you see my screen? Can you see my screen?
29:18 Devi Narayanan: Yes, sir.
29:19 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, so I said that you'll just start with one important concept. Okay, so I said that we'll just start with one important concept. Still off experts. School of experts. So this is a concert. So this is a concert where. Um... Which came around the year 2024 so.
29:40 Mohamed Noordeen: which came around the year 2024. So from SNS discussion, whatever the papers I told you to go through. So it was still 2023, but now today. So from yesterday's discussion, whatever the papers I told you to go through, so it was till 2023. But now, today we are one year ahead of learning a new concept call mixture of expert mixture of expert which came in the year 2024. So which is 2 years back. And if you see. But now today we are one year ahead of learning a new concept called mixture of expert, mixture of expert, which came in the year 2024. So which is two years back. And if you see note this this particular paper is from a company called Mr.
30:09 Mohamed Noordeen: And if you see, note this, this particular paper is from a company called Mistral. Still, yeah. Mistel AI. So. So I also showed you. So Mr Latier is another AI company which creates the model, Mr and which is based out of France. OK, so. So I also showed you, so Mistral.ai is another AI company which creates the model Mistral and which is based out of France. OK, so this is an idea came from this company and and later it got adapted with all other error out there. What is this? Okay, so this is an idea came from this company and and later it got adapted with all other LLMs out there.
30:39 Mohamed Noordeen: What is this? The core idea of this particular paper it it introduces?
30:45 Sriram Subramanian: All your screen is not. All your screen is not visible.
30:45 Devi Narayanan: But sharing is gone.
30:46 Mohamed Noordeen: What is this? The core idea of this particular paper, which it introduces.
30:46 Sriram Subramanian: No, your screen is not visible.
30:46 Devi Narayanan: The sharjil is gone.
30:55 Mohamed Noordeen: Don't know. Don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. How is it? How is it? Can you see now?
31:02 Sriram Subramanian: Yeah.
31:02 Mohamed Noordeen: Can you see now?
31:03 Sriram Subramanian: Yeah.
31:04 Devi Narayanan: Yeah.
31:06 Mohamed Noordeen: So we'll quickly see this. So we'll quickly see this paper. This is the paper dot A and what it introduces is so. So, we'll quickly see this paper. This is the paper dot Mistel.a, and what it introduces is, so... So it introduced 8 into 7 billion. So if you see this first line itself 8 into 7 billion, OK 8 into 7 billion sparse mixture of experts SMO EE SMOE so 8 into 7 billion sparse mixture of experts language model. So what?
31:42 Mohamed Noordeen: So it introduced 8 into 7 billion. So if you see this first line itself, 8 into 7 billion. Okay, 8 into 7 billion sparse mixture of experts, SMOE, SMOE. So 8 into 7 billion sparse mixture of experts. Language model. So what it says is instead of using all parameters, so how many parameters do we have so far in any other LLM models in the year 2023-2024? What is the parameter size of any model which is coming out in the year 2024? What is the model?
32:02 Mohamed Noordeen: language model. So what it says is instead of using all parameters, so how many parameters do we have so far in any other LLM models in the year 2023-2024? What is the parameter size of any model which is coming out? In the year 2024. In the year 2024, what is the model size?
32:03 Suresh Soundararajan: It's on the billing.
32:04 Mohamed Noordeen: In the year 2024, what is the model size?
32:04 Suresh Soundararajan: Things on to people in.
32:05 Mohamed Noordeen: Me?
32:06 Devi Narayanan: 177. 173 billion.
32:09 Mohamed Noordeen: 1.
32:09 Devi Narayanan: 175 billion.
32:10 Suresh Soundararajan: 175 billion.
32:11 Sriram Subramanian: Sounds good.
32:11 Suresh Soundararajan: 175 billion.
32:11 Sriram Subramanian: Sound cool.
32:11 Mohamed Noordeen: 175 billion is for GPT 2 right? Three. Yeah, 2-3, but by the year 2024 we have got GPT 3.53 PT 4 also game, I think 3 PT. 4 Game I think. So what was the model size? Model size?
32:12 Devi Narayanan: One seventy-five billion. PPP 3. DD3.
32:16 Sriram Subramanian: 33.
32:16 Devi Narayanan: 33.
32:17 Suresh Soundararajan: 33.
32:17 Sriram Subramanian: Three, three.
32:17 Suresh Soundararajan: Three, three.
32:30 Sriram Subramanian: Did you believe?
32:30 Mohamed Noordeen: On 75 billion is for GPT 2, right? Three, yeah, two, three. But by the 2024, we have got GPT 3.5, GPT 4 also came. I think GPT 4 came, I think. So what was the... Model size model size went model size went in trillion with trillions, OK. Model size, model size went, model size went in trillion work with trillions. K so it. OK, so it came across from billions to almost maybe, let's say let's billions. OK, let's say billion billions are not small number. So we have a huge number of parameters getting trained. So now mixing up experts. OK, so it came across from billions to almost, uh, maybe let's say let's say billions. OK, let's say billions, billions are not small number, so we have a huge number of parameters getting trained.
32:51 Mohamed Noordeen: So now mixing up experts came and said that for any input, whenever a user is giving that needs to go across billions of parameter to find a output right billions of parameter to calculate and get a response. Better yes or no or no. So now, mixing of experts came and said that for any input, whenever a user is giving, that needs to go across billions of parameters to find an output, right? Billions of parameters to calculate and get a response. Yes or no? Kannan.
33:09 Devi Narayanan: Yes, sir.
33:10 Mohamed Noordeen: So that bill is a parameter is huge and each input token needs to be calculated with those billions of parameter to predict the next token. And you need to do this again and again. So the calculation service is huge so. So that billions of parameter is huge and each input token needs to be calculated with those billions of parameter to predict the next token and you need to do this again and again so the calculation itself is huge.
33:25 Mohamed Noordeen: So this Mistral came and said that instead of using all the parameters for every token every input what is sent, it needs to go through all the parameters, all the layers and and what can I say so? So this Mistel came and said that instead of using all the parameters for every token, every input what is sent, it needs to go through all the parameters, all the layers, and... And what can I say? So go through all the network and get the output. So what they said is let me let me. And what can I say? So, go through all the network and get the output. So, what they said is, um, let me, let me... Separate out some export instead of having one layer, I will have eight expert of layer like.
34:01 Mohamed Noordeen: Separate out some export. Instead of having one layer, I will have 8 export of layer. They say 8 into 7 right? I will create a eight export per layer and that will use a router to select only two experts per token. So then when when input is given, I won't be passing through the All network and get the output, I will just pass through.
34:23 Mohamed Noordeen: Like they say 8 into 7, right? I will create a 8 export per layer and that will use the router to select only two exports per token, so then when when input is given, I won't be passing through the all network and get the output. I will just pass through there two exports to find what is the result and then with that I will find the response so recent. What happened here is when total parameters around 747 billion for example the active token which. I will just pass through the two exports to find what is the result and then with that I will find the response. So result what happened here is when total parameter is around 747 billion for example.
34:38 Mohamed Noordeen: The active token which will be used to predict the result will be around 13 billion so. The active token, which will be used to predict the result, will be around 13 billion. So... Model might be very big, but the cost of compute will be very less, so that's the. Model might be very big, but the cost of compute will be very less. That's the idea behind this external 8 into 7 billion model. So, that's the idea behind this mid-still 8 into 7 billion. Model. So again that is also based on the transformer decoder only model. The key difference here is. Model, so again, that is also based on the transformer decoder only model. The key difference here is... The standard feed forward network somebody asked yesterday this way also.
35:12 Mohamed Noordeen: The standard feed-forward networks somebody asked yesterday. It forward neural network. What is that? So that particular thing is replaced by Minister of expert layers the feed. It forward neural network. What is that? feed forward neural network, what is that? So that particular thing is replaced by a mixture of expert layers. The feed forward layer what we have that is replaced by Mr of expert layers, where each token route picks top to export and outputs are waited and campaign combined and get the result OK, so that's what this measure of expert is all about. So. The feed forward layer, what we have that is replaced by Mistral of export layers, where each token route picks top to export and outputs are weighted and combined and get the result. OK, so that's what.
35:43 Mohamed Noordeen: This initial of expert is all about. This initial of expert is all about, so if I just want to give another simple. This mission of expert is all about, so if I just want to give another simple. It is a diagram I should. It is a diagram, I should. The take.
36:22 Mohamed Noordeen: It's one thing. Let's do one thing. Let me try to do summarise just quick summary. So whatever I told you, if you can understand that that's more than enough, but still let's try to summarise and see our understanding whatever I told is correct or not. Let me try to do summarize, just quick summary. So whatever I told you, if you can understand that, that's more than enough, but still, let's try to summarise and see our understanding whatever I told is correct or not.
36:49 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, fine. So it's a mixture of X78 into 7 billion, a sparse mixture of expert language model build on transformer decoder only architecture similar to Mistral 7V. So each layer contains 8 expert but only two are used for token OK use many parameters overall, but activate only small.
37:10 Mohamed Noordeen: Okay, fine. So it's a mixture of 8 to 7 billion, a sparse mixture of expert language model built on transformer decoder only architecture similar to mixture 7B. So each layer contains 8 expert, but only two are used per token. Okay, use many parameters overall. But activate only small subset but open high performance best efficiency. How it works? but activate only small subset for token, high performance, press efficiency, how it works. For each token router, select talk to experts output is equal to weighted combination of these experts. Experts are just feed forward blocks OK why this matter total parameters for 47 billion active or token is 13 billion so from 41 billion it got ready to 13 billion.
37:38 Mohamed Noordeen: For each token, router selects top two experts, output is equal to weighted combination of these experts. Experts are just feedforward blocks. OK, why this matter? Total parameters for 47 billion active or token is 13 billion, so from 47 billion. It got ready to 13 billion. Much cheaper inference where you because we are not going to use all those number of parameters we are going to use lesser number of parameters. So all those layer information they have given performance compared to Lamar to 70 billion. So key strength math code generation, multi general task yeah OK so.
37:58 Mohamed Noordeen: it got ready to 13 billion. Much cheaper inference, because we are not going to use all those number of parameters. We are going to use lesser number of parameters. So all those layer information they have given, performance compared to Lama to 70 billion. So key strength math, code generation, multilingual task. Yeah. OK. So again, let me just try to explain here. Okay, so again, let me just try to explain here. So. So... Just to understand. Just to understand the new. Explain. Explain it. Sometime. Oh my God. I don't know.
38:24 Mohamed Noordeen: Fine. So mixed is equal to small office with specialist. So imagine a big office with eight specialist where one is good in coding. One is good in math, another is good in language knowledge writing, reasoning, analysis. What happens when a question comes in so you ask?
38:44 Mohamed Noordeen: Right, so mixed L is equal to small office with specialist. So imagine a big office with eight specialists, where one is good in coding, one is good in math, another is good in language, knowledge, writing, reasoning, analysis, generous. What happens when a question? Comes in. So you asked write Python code to solve a math problem. Step one receptionist, the router. A smart receptionist quickly looks for your question. comes in. So you ask, write Python code to solve a math problem. Step one, reception is the router. A smart receptionist quickly. Looks for your question and decides. Looks for your question and decides.
38:58 Mohamed Noordeen: Which expect to call. So here in this case you the question is more little to Python code. So obviously in this export coding this coding expert is really first one to call and the next one is math expert. So because your call you're asking about the Python And also the math question. So this both will be called. which expert to call. So here in this case, your question is more related to the Python code. So obviously in this expert coding, this coding expert is really first one to call and the next one is math expert. So because your call, you're asking about the Python and also the math question.
39:18 Mohamed Noordeen: So this boat will be called and instead of calling all 8 experts, only two experts are calculate selected and they work together and combine their answers. So answer is combined. Final answer is blend of those two exports outputs. Why this is powerful old way like GPT 3.5 Lama 70 billion whatever it may be. So this both will be called and instead of calling all the experts, only two experts are calculate selected and they work together and combine their answers. So answer is combined. Final answer is blend of those two experts outputs. Why this is powerful old way like in GPT 3.5? Llama 70 billion, whatever it may be, everyone in the office works for every question. Everyone. Lama, 70 billion, whatever it may be, everyone in the office works for every question.
39:42 Mohamed Noordeen: Everyone works for every question, so that's what I said. So we have a billions of parameter, all the billions of parameters going to be used for any question being asked. It's very expensive and slower. Mr Wei only two way of only two out of eight experts work, which is faster, cheaper, still high quality. The key insights like having.
40:03 Mohamed Noordeen: Everyone works for every question. So that's what I said. So we have a billions of parameter, all the billions of parameters going to be used for any question being asked. It's very expensive and slower. Mr. Way, only two way of only two out of eight experts work, which is faster, cheaper, still high quality. Looking sites, I'm sure it's like having a huge brain, but only activating the relevant parts for each test, so even more. The key insights, Mitchell is like having a huge brain, but only activating the relevant parts for each task. Even more interesting. So for every word in your sentence, the receptionist may pick different experts. For example, right writing. So even more interesting, so for every word in your sentence, the receptionist may pick different experts. For example, write.
40:18 Mohamed Noordeen: Writing less reasoning, Python coding plus logic evaluation, math processing. So the brain dynamically adapts word by word, one line tuition. So Mistral a long team of experts, but only the right few works on each part of a problem. So it's really easy. Writing plus reasoning, Python, coding plus logic, evaluation, math plus reasoning. So the brain dynamically adapts word by word, one line tuition. So still a long team of experts, but only the right few works on each part of a problem. So it's really easy and simple way of understanding this particular example with analogue. So, it's really easy and simple way of understanding this particular example with an analogy. Yes, understood. The mixture of experts. Yeah, guys, understood the mixture of experts.
40:47 Akash Balmiki: So no way every time it will pick two expert or I mean because the prompt may have some.
40:53 Mohamed Noordeen: The the paper is that that's how the paper is saying. So they have that is something I put parameter they would have used 3-4, but maybe they have selected two based on some experimentation they have done this and also with the future missile of experts paper that too might be changing. So for in this paper.
40:55 Akash Balmiki: So, every time it will pick two expert, or I mean, because the prompt may have some. Mhm. Okay.
41:13 Mohamed Noordeen: The the paper is that, that's how the paper is saying, so they have that is something I put parameter they would have used three, four, but maybe they have selected 2 based on some experimentation they would have done this, and also with the future missile of experts paper that too. Might be changing, so for this paper there's a 22. Might be changing, so far in this paper, there's a two.
41:15 Akash Balmiki: For the two only, so some if like other expert related things will be there in the same prompt, then how they will handle their handling here in this because they are passing the expert 2 for two and for rest they are just passing as is or they're using any other technique.
41:33 Mohamed Noordeen: No, for now they're using two experts for token. No, for now they are using two experts for token. On the token level, it's not like a sentence level or the paragraph level. For each token, they are selecting to export to address this concern. What based on the question what user is asking. So in that case, so you can think about like.
41:38 Akash Balmiki: OK. Okay. Please. Mm.
41:55 Mohamed Noordeen: The question is from the expert is like. When a question is from the expert is like. So when in this particular example, so you have these experts, right? The coding expert, math expert, language expert, knowledge expert, for example, for you to understand, for us to understand. But from the year 2020 20/24/2023, the model is doing good with the text data. When anybody's giving a text, AI can understand the text, AI can resonate the response in a proper way where how a human is kind of expecting. So they are doing a good, good job. But.
42:11 Akash Balmiki: Thank you.
42:30 Mohamed Noordeen: But from the year 2024, 2023, the model is doing good with the text data. When anybody is giving a text, AI can understand the text, AI can resonate the response in a proper way, where how a human is kind of expecting. So they are doing a good. Good job but. Good job, but... On that year, people were exploring how can we make the year to understand, make, make them to understand what is audio, what is photo, what is an image, what is coding. They don't know that. So how can we make the AI to understand?
42:53 Mohamed Noordeen: On that year, people are exploring, how can we make the AI to understand, make them to understand what is audio, what is photo, what is an image, what is coding? They don't know that. So how can we make? The AI do understand different. The AI to understand different. A set of input other than text. They were trying to explore that right. a set of input other than text. We are trying to explore that. Right. Right now. Right now.
43:04 Mohamed Noordeen: Any LLM models what we have? Can you can even able to understand when you ask a question in plain English it can able to understand if you ask a question in Python programming language that you can able to understand when you ask a question by giving image as a as a input you can have to understand when you.
43:25 Mohamed Noordeen: Any LLM models what we have, it can even able to understand when you ask a question in plain English. It can able to understand if you ask a question in Python programming language. It can able to understand when you ask a question by giving image as a input. You can understand when you give an audio as an input right a different source of input LLM can able to understand. So how it can able to understand so this Mr Expert is one of the main concept. People start adapting it because every expert, every expert inside Moe can be.
43:44 Mohamed Noordeen: You can able to understand when you give an audio as an input, right? A different source of input, LLM can able to understand. So how it can able to understand? So this mister of expert is one of the main concept people start adapting it because every expert inside MOE. Can be. An export in understanding a separate set of input an export can understand.
43:49 Manoj PS: No, we are not able to see the screen. Sorry.
43:51 Mohamed Noordeen: An expert in understanding a separate set of input, an expert can understand.
43:53 Manoj PS: No, we are not able to see the screen. Sorry.
43:57 Mohamed Noordeen: I don't know. It is saying something went on again and again, but I'm not stopping the screen sharing that is happening by itself. Sorry for that. So with. I don't know. It is saying something went on again and again, but. I don't know, it is saying something went on again and again, but I'm not stopping the screen sharing that is happening by itself. Sorry for that. So with multiple different source of input, how can I make my one single LLM to understand? The short answer is mixture of experts. It can we can make an LLM to have multiple experts internally and where each expert is good in understanding each kind of a source that's that.
44:28 Mohamed Noordeen: So with multiple different source of input, how can I make my one single LLM to understand? The short answer is mixture of experts. We can make an LLM to have multiple experts internally and where each expert is good in understanding each kind of a source. That's that's the main crux and main need of mixture of expert for understanding a multiple source, multiple types of data, multiple source of data to understand and react it properly OK. That's the main crux and main need of mixture of expert for understanding a multiple source, multiple types of data, multiple source of data to understand and react it properly. Okay.
44:46 Akash Balmiki: Okay.
44:50 Mohamed Noordeen: Any questions? Very simple, right? That's an idea behind here.
44:53 Ashika Farzana: What?
44:55 Mohamed Noordeen: Any questions? Very simple, right? That's an idea behind here.
44:55 Ashika Farzana: 1.
44:56 Muniappan Mohanraj: No, for simplicity, we already have the dropout mechanism in all the LMs, right? Or in feedforward network. Why especially this was introduced because the dropout will...
44:57 Ashika Farzana: Ohh. Hello.
45:06 Mohamed Noordeen: In it. Yeah. Mhm.
45:16 Muniappan Mohanraj: Drop it will make the very weak neurons not to fire, correct. Dropout will make the very weak neurons not to fire, correct?
45:22 Mohamed Noordeen: So what is the motivation for you to ask? Drop out and Mr Expert and that's how.
45:26 Muniappan Mohanraj: No, no. I'm trying to connect. I'm trying to connect.
45:29 Mohamed Noordeen: So, what is the motivation for you to ask Dropout and Mr. Expert?
45:31 Muniappan Mohanraj: I'm trying to connect.
45:31 Mohamed Noordeen: That's how do you get it? That's how do you get it. The report is used for for.
45:32 Muniappan Mohanraj: I'm trying to connect.
45:32 Mohamed Noordeen: And then, so, how do you get it? The report is used for... Or not to have overfitting?
45:35 Muniappan Mohanraj: Correct.
45:36 Mohamed Noordeen: For not to have overfitting.
45:36 Muniappan Mohanraj: Correct.
45:37 Mohamed Noordeen: To make the make the neurons to learn everything, to give higher to give equal priority to each neuron to learn.
45:38 Muniappan Mohanraj: Yeah.
45:46 Mohamed Noordeen: To make the make the neurons to learn everything to give higher to give equal priority to each neuron to learn. Oh, how do you connect there? Drop out to mission of expert.
45:50 Muniappan Mohanraj: No, no, I'm just. I'm. I'm just trying to check if Will will there be any interlink between these two?
45:52 Mohamed Noordeen: Ohh, how do you connect their dropout to Mister of Expert? No, it's it's completely different, right? Completely different story. Maybe. Maybe you're connecting because because of this particular part I said that is maybe. No, it's it's completely different.
46:01 Muniappan Mohanraj: No, no, I'm just I'm just trying to cheque if will will there be any interlink between these two?
46:13 Mohamed Noordeen: No, it's completely different, right? Completely different story. Maybe, maybe you're connecting because, because of this particular part, I say that is. Maybe you're connecting this one total parameters, this one, then active starting B. So you're connecting this with the.
46:18 Muniappan Mohanraj: parameters.
46:21 Mohamed Noordeen: Maybe you are connecting this one, uh, total parameters, this one, then active per token is starting B, so you're connecting this with the... The dropout where we are trying to reduce the number of neurons. Neurons. Yeah.
46:25 Muniappan Mohanraj: Number of active, yeah. Number of active, yeah.
46:30 Mohamed Noordeen: Dot dropout, where we are trying to reduce the number of neurons, neurons, yeah. So here here also will be using drop out. OK. It's not that we are we'll be using dropout here also but here the main problem is main. So here, here also we'll be using Dropout. OK, it's not that we are not, we'll be using Dropout here also, but here the main. Problem is main. Problem is, main. I just try to draw and show you it. Let me just try to draw and show you it. Let's say you have. You can see my screen now. But let's say you have, you can see my screen now.
46:55 Muniappan Mohanraj: Yeah. Yes. No. Yeah, yes, Noordeen.
46:55 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes. So let's say you have eurons here for number of neurons is going to be huge here. This this for understanding and just doing it here. OK, so let's say you have neurons here, so the number of neurons is going to be huge here, just for understanding and just doing it here. Yes, a lot of neurons. What are you?
47:11 Muniappan Mohanraj: But not able to see not able to see yeah now it is visible.
47:13 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes, so number of neurons, whatever you.
47:17 Muniappan Mohanraj: But not able to see, not able to see, yeah, now it is visible.
47:17 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, so you give an input and input get passed on to each neurons, right, right.
47:24 Muniappan Mohanraj: Correct.
47:24 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, so you give an input and input get passed on to each neurons, right? Eight.
47:25 Akash Balmiki: No, you're crying. Cannot see.
47:25 Muniappan Mohanraj: Correct.
47:27 Akash Balmiki: No, you're trying cannot see.
47:28 Mohamed Noordeen: It will. It is going to pass on to each neurons. Yeah, I'm drawing. It will, it is going to pass on to each neuron. Yeah, I'm drawing.
47:37 Akash Balmiki: We're drawing. We cannot see.
47:37 Mohamed Noordeen: ****. I'll be in till a minute. Kiss me.
47:37 Akash Balmiki: Your drawing, we cannot see.
47:37 Mohamed Noordeen: ****. Is not reliable. Microsoft team sucks at least. is not reliable. Microsoft Team sucks. Please show. Please show my. At least on my. So. Is it going yet? Where is it going yet? Yeah, yeah, this makes sense. Yeah, yeah, this makes sense. Yeah, this. So.
49:24 Mohamed Noordeen: To see it so in the left side what you have is a normal transfer. What you have learned so far, that is the input. You pass each input has an embody, and that embedding is added to this portion. Embody and then you give this to the attention. So and then this is the main part that is.
49:46 Mohamed Noordeen: To see here, so in the left side, what you have is a normal transform. What we have learned so far, that is the input you pass. Each input has an embedding, and that embedding is added to this question embedding, and then you give this to the attention, so, and then... This is the main part that is, this is the feed forward layer, right? This is the main part, this is the feed-forward layer, right? Feed forward network. Feedforward at work.
49:52 Mohamed Noordeen: I said no this particular part, this particular part, you can see my screen, right?
49:54 Muniappan Mohanraj: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's not accessible.
49:56 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes or no, this particular part, this particular part. You can see my screen, right?
49:56 Devi Narayanan: Yes.
49:57 Mohamed Noordeen: This particular part is a feed forward neural network and then again you can have this.
49:58 Muniappan Mohanraj: Yeah, yeah, it's not accessible.
49:58 Akash Balmiki: Here we go. There we go.
50:03 Mohamed Noordeen: This particular part is a feed-forward neural network, and then again you can have this. Block again and again so you can have a stack of encoder layer right? So no. So that's what you.
50:11 Muniappan Mohanraj: Yes. Yes.
50:12 Mohamed Noordeen: Block again and again, so you can have a stack of encoder layer, right? So, no. So that's what you get and you finally get done output. That is the new embedded transform embedding, right? This embedding the transform embedding and from that you have. So, that's what you get, and you finally get an output that is the new embedded transform embedding, right? This embedding is a transform embedding, and from that...
50:28 Mohamed Noordeen: You have the soft Max. You have all those output layer and from there you get a probably disc. So that's what it is going to do. So now in the mixture of experts, nothing, nothing is going to be changed in terms of attention attentions remain same. All those blocks encoding embed partial embedding layer. Almost everything remains same, only part is this particular feed forward layer.
50:49 Mohamed Noordeen: You have this softmax, you have all those output layer, and from there you create a probably disk. So that's what it is going to do. So now in the mixture of experts, nothing is going to be changed in terms of attention. Attentions remain same. All those blocks, encoding, personal embedding, layer almost, everything remains same. Only part is this particular feed forward layer, right? So this feed forward layer right? This particular part is going to be changed. This is going to be updated by like this. So in the left right side you see this is the only part which is getting changed. So what what they're saying is instead of sending every token to all the number of layers this can.
51:08 Mohamed Noordeen: Only part is this particular feed forward layer, right? So this feed forward layer, right? This particular part is going to be changed. This is going to be updated by like this. So in the left right side you see this is the only part which is getting changed. So what they are saying is instead of sending every token to all the number of. Less this can have multiple less. This can have hundreds of layers, so this 123 what you see is 3 here, but this can be hundreds of layers and each layer can have hundreds of neurons. So that is a huge number of networks gets created and that is where learning happens. Now instead of having to pass through.
51:27 Mohamed Noordeen: layers. This can have multiple layers. This can have hundreds of layers. So this one, two, three, what you see is 3 here, but this can be hundreds of layers and each layer can have hundreds of neurons. So that is a huge number of networks get created and that is where learning happens. Now. Instead of having to pass through all the networks in this feedforward layer, here they have. Instead of having to pass through all the networks in this feed for a layer, here they have. Oh. Kind of segregated instead of one, they have 8 experts, for example. In this paper they created 8 experts and when the. kind of segregated. Instead of 1, they have 8 experts. For example, in this paper, they created 8 experts.
51:44 Mohamed Noordeen: And when the input is given, the router decides where should I pass so see it so it is passing through top two players. Top two experts. Can you see this is that? And when the input is given, the router decides where should I pass. So see it, so it is passing through top two layers, top two experts. Can you see this? Is that no. So it just only password to export and that to export a result is combined and then it is gone through there usual process. So this particular part is what they have added here. So now what happened because of this is instead of passing through all the networks here in the feed for layer, Now I have a very limited number of connections.
51:58 Muniappan Mohanraj: Yes, no. Yes, no, yes. Yes, no, yes, no, yes.
52:21 Mohamed Noordeen: Is that no? So it just only pass through to export and that to export result is combined and then it is gone through the usual process. So this particular part is what they have added here. So now what happened because of this is instead of passing through all the networks here in the feed forward layer. Now I have a very limited number of connections and. Now I have a very limited number of connections. And second one is it is faster. Third one is it is cheaper and 4th one is each expert is really expert in certain inputs and with that certain input it can able to. This router will manage. Our router is trained on selecting a right expert for right input because of that.
52:45 Mohamed Noordeen: And second one is it is faster, third one is it is cheaper, and 4th one is each expert is really expert in certain inputs, and with that certain input it can able to this router will manage a router is trained on selecting a right expert. For write input. Because of that, the quality still remains the same. For right input, because of that, the quality still remains the same. I adjusting the cost and the efficiency and the speed, OK. by adjusting the cost and the efficiency and the speed. OK. OK. Yep. Here, guys.
53:05 Devi Narayanan: Listen. Yes, sir.
53:05 Mohamed Noordeen: S.
53:05 Akash Balmiki: Yeah.
53:06 Minumithra: Hi.
53:06 Asha Ponraj: Yes. Yes.
53:07 Minumithra: Hi, yes, ma'am. Fine, yes ma'am.
53:08 Asha Ponraj: No, the one.
53:08 Mohamed Noordeen: Simple.
53:08 Asha Ponraj: No. The one thing maybe I'm the only one who don't know about this, but you are using one extension in your Chrome, right? May I know what is that extension? I'm trying to find a similar one but I'm not getting it. The summarising one, I cannot see your screen now, but the one you used for summarising.
53:11 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. Which extension? Which extension for what? Which extension or what?
53:29 Asha Ponraj: So one thing, maybe I am the only one who don't know about this, but you are using one extension in your Chrome, right? May I know what is that extension? I'm trying to find a similar one, but I'm not getting it. The summarising one, I cannot see your screen now. But the one you used for summarising.
53:30 Mohamed Noordeen: Ohh.
53:34 Asha Ponraj: but the one you used for summarizing.
53:34 Mohamed Noordeen: I'm sorry. I'm sorry, yes. This is because of teams. Teams is not reliable, just keep the screen.
53:39 Asha Ponraj: Yeah.
53:41 Mohamed Noordeen: This is because of Teams. Teams is not reliable to skip the... Screen sharing is getting stopped OK.
53:44 Akash Balmiki: Hey.
53:45 Asha Ponraj: The last the corner one with the open EA icon. Ask chat or I. I'm not sure whether you use that for summarising or not.
53:46 Mohamed Noordeen: Screen sharing is getting stopped. OK. OK, no this. Ohh, okay. No, this... No, no, no. Yeah, this is not an extension. This is actually the Atlas ChatGPT Atlas browser.
53:53 Akash Balmiki: Yep.
53:55 Asha Ponraj: The last, the corner one with the open AI icon, ask chat. I'm not sure whether you use that for summarising or not. Oh, OK. OK. I thought it is Chrome, OK.
54:01 Mohamed Noordeen: No, no, no, yeah, this is not an extension. This is actually the Atlas ChatGPT Atlas browser.
54:02 Akash Balmiki: Yeah.
54:03 Mohamed Noordeen: Not not Chrome. Not, not Chrome. No, that's not a. No, that's not a joke. ChatGPT Atlas.
54:06 Asha Ponraj: Oh, okay. Okay, I thought it is Chrome. Okay. Is this browser useful and similar to Chrome?
54:08 Mohamed Noordeen: Well, that's not a problem. ChatGPT Atlas.
54:10 Akash Balmiki: Mmh.
54:11 Asha Ponraj: Is this browser useful and similar to Chrome? Ah.
54:13 Mohamed Noordeen: If you want to use this kind of a setup, for me it was kind of directly go and ask questions so that it can able to give the summary. Reading this particular page that is helpful.
54:13 Akash Balmiki: Thank you. Open. But. Yeah.
54:27 Asha Ponraj: OK. Yeah. Yeah. I will try to use this.
54:27 Akash Balmiki: Hold on.
54:28 Mohamed Noordeen: If you want to use this kind of a setup for me, it was kind of directly go and ask questions so that it can able to give the summary reading this particular page.
54:28 Mohamed Noordeen: That is helpful. That is helpful, especially while reading, especially when reading a paper, especially reading a paper.
54:29 Akash Balmiki: Actually.
54:31 Asha Ponraj: OK, yeah, yeah, I will try to use this. Oh yeah, yeah, that for that reason only. I was trying to look a similar one, but I didn't get it in Chrome.
54:33 Akash Balmiki: What is a problem?
54:33 Mohamed Noordeen: That is helpful, especially while reading, especially while reading a paper, especially reading a paper.
54:34 Akash Balmiki: We are. Yes. New game.
54:39 Mohamed Noordeen: But but in Chrome also you should get something. There should be some. Some extension should be there.
54:41 Asha Ponraj: Yeah, yeah, that for that reason only I was trying to look a similar one, but I didn't get it in Chrome. Yeah, it can either do either summaries or it's a. It's not a free one.
54:44 Akash Balmiki: I will ask you.
54:45 Mohamed Noordeen: But what in Chrome also you should get something there should be some some extension should be there. Yeah, even even you can use. Yeah, even you can use Comet, Comet. You know, comet publicity.
54:51 Asha Ponraj: Yeah, it can either do either summaries or it's not a free one. OK.
54:52 Akash Balmiki: No.
54:54 Asha Ponraj: O.K.
54:54 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, even, even you can use, yeah, even you can use comet, comet, you know, comet. Publicity comet.
54:54 Asha Ponraj: Oh yeah, I hear that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I have used trade it.
54:55 Mohamed Noordeen: Perplexity comment. Yeah. Yeah.
54:57 Akash Balmiki: Go.
54:58 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, even there also there also it will be helpful for this. So you can open and you can in the right side there will be something and it you can ask question that here also whatever you have something here so you can ask question here. So that is that will understand make you summarise things without going to ChatGPT or.
54:58 Akash Balmiki: Mhm.
54:59 Asha Ponraj: Yeah, I heard it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I have used tried it.
55:04 Akash Balmiki: Who's talking about?
55:05 Asha Ponraj: Oh, got it closer.
55:06 Akash Balmiki: Good.
55:06 Asha Ponraj: Ohh, got my browser. OK. Okay. Okay. Okay.
55:19 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, even there also, there also it will be helpful for this. So you can open and you can in the right side there will be something and it you can ask question that here also whatever you have something here so you can ask question here so that is that will understand make you summarise things. Without going to ChatGPT or or cloud, so you can directly ask question in the right side itself. Without going to ChatGPT or Cloud, so you can directly ask question in the right side itself.
55:26 Asha Ponraj: I think I have to use more of the a tools than sticking.
55:27 Mohamed Noordeen: It. Yeah, everyone.
55:31 Akash Balmiki: Yes.
55:34 Asha Ponraj: Sticking with the old one, yeah.
55:34 Mohamed Noordeen: Everyone. Everyone. Oh, everyone needs to we need to.
55:34 Asha Ponraj: Yeah, sticking with the old one, yeah.
55:35 Venkatesan prahalanathan: What? What? What is a Atlas? What does it use? OK.
55:35 neelsvel1: Ohh.
55:36 Mohamed Noordeen: Everyone needs to, we need to.
55:38 Akash Balmiki: Yeah.
55:38 Mohamed Noordeen: Atlas No Charge Atlas opening Atlas.
55:38 Asha Ponraj: Yeah.
55:39 Venkatesan prahalanathan: What, what, what is the Node Atlas? What does it use? Okay.
55:40 Asha Ponraj: That's a bit dangerous.
55:41 Venkatesan prahalanathan: Yes, OK. OK, thank you. OK. OK. Thank you.
55:41 Asha Ponraj: ChatGPT Atlas.
55:43 Mohamed Noordeen: Atlas, no, ChatGPT Atlas, open AI.
55:45 Venkatesan prahalanathan: Okay, okay, thank you. Okay, okay, thank you.
55:46 Mohamed Noordeen: At lesson. Atlas.
55:47 Asha Ponraj: I think currently only available on Mac OS.
55:47 Akash Balmiki: Before we lost your screen. No, we lost your skin.
55:50 Mohamed Noordeen: Oh, really? I don't, sorry.
55:50 Asha Ponraj: I think currently only available on Mac OS. Not for Windows. Yeah, I will try. Perplexity comment.
55:52 Mohamed Noordeen: Oh, really? I don't know. Sorry. Ohh. Yeah, comedy is also a good thing.
55:57 Asha Ponraj: Not for Windows. Yeah, I will try perplexity comment.
55:58 Akash Balmiki: That.
55:59 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, comment is also a good thing. Comet. Yeah, commuter. I think it's for everything, everyone.
56:03 Akash Balmiki: I give this.
56:05 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, I think it's for everything, everyone.
56:05 Asha Ponraj: Yeah. Yeah.
56:07 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
56:08 Asha Ponraj: Thank you. Thank you, no.
56:09 neelsvel1: So.
56:09 Asha Ponraj: Thank you. Thank you, Noor.
56:10 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, yeah.
56:10 neelsvel1: So no more in.
56:11 Muniappan Mohanraj: No, lost your screen share.
56:11 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, yeah.
56:11 neelsvel1: So, no more in. Okay.
56:13 Muniappan Mohanraj: No, lost your screen share.
56:14 Mohamed Noordeen: I'm really ****** *** because of this, sorry. Uh, I'm really ****** *** because of this. Sorry. Yeah. Tell me.
56:23 Muniappan Mohanraj: So in in this in this MOED, training itself will happen in this manner only, correct? So only particular things. So the the router is the single point of contact where all the information will be stored which?
56:23 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, tell me. Yeah, correct. Correct, correct. Yeah, correct, correct, correct.
56:40 Muniappan Mohanraj: So, in this in this MOE, the training itself will happen in this manner only, correct? So, only particular things, so that the router is the single point of contact where all the... Information will be stored which request should be passed to which block. information will be stored which request should be passed to which block.
56:43 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, it's like you train the sorry. This is a screen share is not happening properly again and again it is OK.
56:56 Muniappan Mohanraj: Yeah, I guess not.
56:56 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, it's like you train the, sorry guys, this is screen share is not happening properly again and again it is. OK. Okay.
56:57 Muniappan Mohanraj: Yeah, I guess not.
56:57 Mohamed Noordeen: So. So so this router and the mixture of different expert we are not defining anything that this particular expert is for one for this particular problem this expert, this particular second one is for this particular problem. So we are not going to define anything on the training process itself.
57:04 Muniappan Mohanraj: Yeah.
57:18 Mohamed Noordeen: So this router and the mixture of different expert, we are not defining anything that this particular expert is for one for this particular problem. This expert, this particular second one is for this particular problem. So we are not going to define anything. On the training process itself, the router will decide and understand and train accordingly what is the expert which expert. On the training process itself, the router will decide and understand and train accordingly what is the expert. Which expert is exporting which category it understands by itself while training? A lot of examples.
57:32 Mohamed Noordeen: Which expert is expert in which category it understands by itself by training a lot of examples? K So you don't want explicitly say that. K So you don't want explicitly say that first expert is for coding, second expert is for image, third expert is for writing a story for the expert is for writing some creative things. No, we are not going to define anything by itself in a very granular manner. It happens while training itself. Okay, so you don't want to explicitly say that first expert is for coding, second expert is for image, third expert is for writing a story, 4th expert is for writing some creative things. No, we are not going to define anything by itself in a very granular manner. It happens while training itself. It happens while training itself.
57:55 Mohamed Noordeen: With a lot of examples, when you train with a different examples, daughter understands and decides which experts are expert in which category and based on that it selects and train and give the output for us. OK. With a lot of examples, when you train with the different examples, the router understands and decides which experts are expert in which category, and based on that, it selects and train and give the output for us. OK. The main advantage of this mission of expertise, we are reducing the cost. The main advantage of this measure of expert is we are reducing the cost. We are. We are reducing the compute compute power. We are reducing the compute compute power.
58:23 Mohamed Noordeen: But still high performance. As an output we are not lagging with high performance. Performance is same still the same and. With still high performance as an output, we are not lagging with performance. Performance is same, still the same. And also we are making my model to perform better in certain fields like. How can I teach mathematics to my to a model? How can I teach to write a code to a model? How can I teach multilingual different languages if I give a different language, how can I make my model to understand different languages so all those things are making?
58:56 Mohamed Noordeen: And also, we are making my model to perform better in certain fields. Like, how can I teach mathematics to my model? How can I teach to write a code to my model? How can I teach multilingual different language? If I give a different language, how can I make my model to understand different languages? So all those things are making this mixture of expert as a best or advantages or pros I can think about now what is cons? The problem problem is like you mentioned properly that is the router. So all those things are making this mixture of expert as a best or advantages or pros you can think about. Now, what is cons? The problem? Problem is, like you mentioned properly, that is. The router. The router.
59:15 Mohamed Noordeen: Router is something need to train it. It's not so simple, it is complex, it's more complex for routing and balancing or selecting right expert in terms of in the inference and also while training it so that is complex, not so simple so here.
59:35 Mohamed Noordeen: Router is something we need to train it. It's not so simple. It is complex. It's more complex for routing and balancing or selecting right expert in terms of in the inference and also while training it. So that is complex, not so simple. So here the memory whatever 47 billion parameter for example, whatever you said, it's still 41 million parameters. Not that we'll reduce the parameter. This the parameter is still intact as far as some building parameter. But while inferencing while inferencing, we are using only 13 billion parameter. OK, so 14 billion parameters not reduced 13.
59:54 neelsvel1: Okay.
59:55 Mohamed Noordeen: So here the memory, whatever 47 billion parameters, for example, whatever we said, it's still 47 billion parameters. It's not that we have reduced the parameter. The parameter is still intact as 47 billion parameter, but while inferencing, while inferencing, we are using only 13 billion parameter. OK. So 40 million batteries not reduced 13 million parameter, it is still the 47 billion parameter. But while inferencing, we are reducing it, memory is still high, OK, we are not reducing the memory, OK. And the GPU distribution, whatever we have. So this number of experts whatever you can select the GPU distribution, we need to be we need to very much careful.
01:00:15 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, so 47 billion parameters is not reduced 13 billion parameter. It is still the 47 billion parameter, but while inferencing, we are reducing it. Memory is still high. OK, we are not reducing the memory. OK, and the GPU distribution, whatever you have, so this number of experts, whatever you can select the GPU distribution. We need to be we need to very much careful internal architecture engineering task is somewhat relevantly high than what we what we know as an expert so so that architectural and engineering. Uh, we need to be, we need to be very much careful. Uh, internal architecture engineering task is somewhat relevantly high than what we what we know as an expert, so, so that architectural. An engineering best practises that is still kind of a complex thing.
01:00:32 Mohamed Noordeen: and engineering best practises that is still kind of a complex things. Yeah.
01:00:34 Muniappan Mohanraj: OK. Thanks. Now, thanks for the experience. OK, thanks now. Thanks for the experience.
01:00:37 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, so you can read about.
01:00:39 Ashika Farzana: OK, quick this one.
01:00:40 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, so you can read about.
01:00:41 Ashika Farzana: No, say good one.
01:00:41 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah.
01:00:41 Akash Balmiki: Little.
01:00:41 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. Tell me.
01:00:41 Akash Balmiki: Little performance will like accuracy will also increase. Yeah, while we are employing the experts.
01:00:42 Ashika Farzana: Sorry.
01:00:42 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, tell me.
01:00:46 Ashika Farzana: Ohh.
01:00:48 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, yeah, yeah. We are making the accuracy to match the.
01:00:49 Akash Balmiki: More performance will, like, accuracy will also increase, yeah, while we are employing the experts.
01:00:52 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, yeah, yeah, we are making the accuracy to match the. Previous high high end model. You're not trying to here. We're not trying to make the accuracy to be best than the previous model. Yeah, the.
01:00:57 Akash Balmiki: Okay.
01:00:59 Ashika Farzana: Like.
01:01:01 Akash Balmiki: OK. OK, the goal is from the cost related, right, the optimising the cost?
01:01:04 Mohamed Noordeen: previous high-end model. We are not trying to, here we are not trying to make the accuracy to be best than the previous model. Yeah, the cost, yeah, the cost and also with multiple multiple experts to solve multiple problems.
01:01:06 Akash Balmiki: OK, the goal is from the cost related, right? The optimising the cost. And fast. and passed.
01:01:15 Akash Balmiki: Mm.
01:01:17 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, the cost, yeah, the cost, and also with multiple, multiple experts to solve. Multiple problems. Multiple problems. So. So here now we are trying to explore how can I make LLM to understand not only text. How can I make it understand coding? Also how can I make it understand different languages? Also how can I make you to understand images also. So now in that case so we are trying to make LLM to perform to perform.
01:01:20 Akash Balmiki: Okay.
01:01:26 Ashika Farzana: OK.
01:01:40 Mohamed Noordeen: So here, now we are trying to explore how can I make LLM to understand not only text, how can I make it to understand coding also? How can I make it to understand different languages also? How can I make it to understand images also? So now in that case, so we are trying to make LLM. To perform to perform given any set of input, any kind of input, any type of input. Still you perform me the answer, so that's what we are trying to focus on.
01:01:45 Ashika Farzana: Alright.
01:01:50 Mohamed Noordeen: to perform, given any set of input, any kind of input, any type of input, still you perform me the answer. So that's what we are trying to focus on. Got it.
01:01:52 Akash Balmiki: Okay.
01:01:55 Ashika Farzana: Should be the same, only the inference the the the parameters will get reduced with the router. The parameters will be the same, only the inference that the parameters will get reduced with the router.
01:02:04 Mohamed Noordeen: Parameters will reduce in the inference, that is one. Parameters will reduce in the inference that is one. Second owners.
01:02:09 Ashika Farzana: In the training, yeah.
01:02:10 Mohamed Noordeen: Second owners.
01:02:11 Ashika Farzana: In the training, yeah.
01:02:12 Mohamed Noordeen: In in training also we're training it, we are router will decide any two experts not one expert and it when it keeps on selecting to export by the end of training process it understand which which expert is expert in which type of. And in training, also, while training it, we have router will decide any two experts, not one expert, and it when it keeps on selecting 2 expert by the end of training process, it understands which which expert is. Export in which type of an input or which kind of a token. export in which type of an input or which kind of a token.
01:02:33 Mohamed Noordeen: Right. So in training it, it drains and understand. Yeah. Yeah. In training, it understands in that it understands and learns how many experts I have and which expert and expert in what, what kind of a data. OK.
01:02:37 Venkatesan prahalanathan: We lost again. We lost again.
01:02:40 Ashika Farzana: Okay.
01:02:52 Mohamed Noordeen: Right, so in training it it trains and understands, yeah, yeah, in training it understands in it understands and learns how many experts I have and which expert is expert in what what kind of a data. Okay.
01:02:52 Ashika Farzana: OK. Okay. OK, so if you if like only two experts means only those parameters will be we will be having only those ones. OK, so if you, if like only two experts means only those parameters will be, we will be having only those ones.
01:03:03 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, the connection will have on this particular person. So you can see the side rate. So this is going to learn from iteration, right? Iteratively it is going to learn. So it understands router understands which expert to call for for particular input. So if if if it sees selecting.
01:03:12 Ashika Farzana: Yeah. Yeah. Mhm.
01:03:23 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, the connexion will have on this particular part, so you can see this side rate, so this is going to learn from iteration, right? Iteratively, it is going to learn, so it understands router understands which expert to call for for a particular input. So if if if it sees selecting one expert is not giving right answer, it will change the export and see out how the output is going to change so. So if it sees selecting one export is not giving the right answer, it will change the export and see how the output is going to change. So by doing this process again and again and again and again and again by millions of example, billions of examples, then it understands that when to call.
01:03:41 Mohamed Noordeen: So by doing this process again and again and again and again and again, by millions of examples, billions of examples, then it understands that. When to call which expert given an input to the model?
01:03:42 Ashika Farzana: Please come on. 1.
01:03:46 Mohamed Noordeen: when to call which expert given an input to the model. Okay.
01:03:48 Ashika Farzana: OK. Okay.
01:03:49 Mohamed Noordeen: That's it. That's it.
01:03:52 neelsvel1: So training will be harder than the inference correct mode for this model. So training will be harder than the inference correct node for this model.
01:03:56 Mohamed Noordeen: Raining will be. Raining will be. Hard.
01:03:59 neelsvel1: Much more harder than the GPD 3.5 because.
01:04:02 Ashika Farzana: Yeah. Yeah, that sounds good.
01:04:03 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, obviously good point. Yeah, training needs to be we need to give more examples here because it's the first time we are training the model to understand the experts. So more examples really.
01:04:04 Ashika Farzana: That sounds good.
01:04:05 neelsvel1: Much more harder than the GPD 3.5 because yeah.
01:04:18 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, obviously. Good point. Yeah. Training needs to be, we need to give more examples here because it's the first time we are training the model to understand the experts. So more examples. Really required for making the mixture of experts to work. really required for making the mixture of experts to work.
01:04:22 neelsvel1: Deb.
01:04:24 Mohamed Noordeen: Right, yeah.
01:04:24 neelsvel1: Okay.
01:04:24 Mohamed Noordeen: Right, yeah.
01:04:25 Sunitha Ramu: So in that scenario, right I should be be very. I mean should we drain the model accordingly? Right. These are the experts for which I have to train the semantic or classification. These are the experts for whom I have to give the MCQS is it so?
01:04:42 Mohamed Noordeen: No, no. No, no. No, we are not going to decide it model better will decide it.
01:04:45 Sunitha Ramu: So in that scenario, right, should we be very specific, I mean, should we train the model accordingly, right? These are the experts for which I have to train the semantic or say classification. These are the experts for whom I have to give the MCQs. Is it so?
01:04:47 Mohamed Noordeen: No, we are not going to decide it. Model better will decide it.
01:04:48 Sunitha Ramu: OK.
01:04:49 Mohamed Noordeen: So we we want explicitly say boss you have this many expert, what are you responsible for. So we're not going to going to give any kind of a responsibility for the expert. We're just saying this many experts I have you train and figure out which experts will make work for which kind of an input that's it. OK.
01:04:49 Sunitha Ramu: Okay.
01:05:09 Sunitha Ramu: Okay.
01:05:10 Mohamed Noordeen: So we won't explicitly say, boss, you have this many expert, what are you responsible for? So we're not going to give any kind of a responsibility for the expert. We're just saying this many experts I have, you train and figure out which experts will make work for which kind of an input. That's it. OK, so it's. OK. So it's like you give a task. There is a only one worker who is going to take the input and give the response and now? Okay, so it's like you give a task, there is only one worker who is going to take the input and give the response.
01:05:17 Mohamed Noordeen: And now I'm not saying I'm I'm I'm saying that I won't have one worker. I will say I have hundreds of worker now. I'll give you the input and I have AI. Have a supervisor about the worker and I say supervisor. You decide whom to call and I need a job to get done. So now router the supervisor decides.
01:05:36 neelsvel1: Yeah.
01:05:38 Mohamed Noordeen: Decides which worker to call, where router has an information which worker is more experience for which kind of an activity. So router or supervisor routes to a correct two worker and that two worker completes a task and then combine the result and then you get an output. That's it.
01:05:58 Sunitha Ramu: OK. OK. So we would whether we can do the training here in this or only the inference training also is possible.
01:05:59 Mohamed Noordeen: decides which worker to call, where router has an information which worker is more experienced for which kind of an activity. So router or supervisor routes to a correct two worker and that two worker completes the task and then combine the result and then you get an output. That's it. So. Yeah. Yeah.
01:06:05 neelsvel1: Did you?
01:06:05 Mohamed Noordeen: Training training is much more. We need more training here, right? Because.
01:06:07 Sunitha Ramu: OK, so we would whether we can do the training here in this or only the inference training also is possible.
01:06:10 neelsvel1: Yeah. Yeah.
01:06:11 Mohamed Noordeen: Training, training is much more. We need more training here, right? Because how can?
01:06:11 Sunitha Ramu: No, our data we if if we have our own data we can give here and then train this as well the experts.
01:06:13 Mohamed Noordeen: Because, how can?
01:06:18 Sunitha Ramu: No, our data, if we have our own data, we can give here and then train this as well, the experts.
01:06:19 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, we can train it. We should train it. Without training it, how can we get a model? That is 1. When you say our data, can we train?
01:06:26 Sunitha Ramu: So so there are two factors, right? See why in GPDS and all it is the IT has been already trained in volume of data and then we are doing the supervisor fine tuning right in order to get additional insights so.
01:06:38 Mohamed Noordeen: Oh yeah. Ohh yeah. Yeah, this is this is a. This is a retraining task.
01:06:42 Sunitha Ramu: So, so there are two factors, right? See why in GPTs and all, it is the it has been already trained in volume of data, and then we are doing the supervisor fine tuning right in order to get additional. Insights. So. Insights, so.
01:06:46 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, this is a this is a this is a pre-training task. Free training. We need to do a pre training, right? Every model needs a pre training for.
01:06:51 Sunitha Ramu: Correct. So the once they, yeah, pre training is an unsupervised learning that we'll do right.
01:06:51 Mohamed Noordeen: Pre-training, we need to do a pre-training, right? Every model needs a pre-training. Retraining itself. For pre-training itself. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
01:06:57 Sunitha Ramu: Correct. So the once the pre, yeah, pre-training is an unsupervised learning that we will do, right? And post that whether the supervisor training, if we have to train our own that is also is possible in this.
01:07:06 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, pre training itself, we'll train it on this expert model.
01:07:06 Sunitha Ramu: And post that, whether the supervisor training, if we have to train our own, that is also is possible in this.
01:07:11 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, pre-training itself, we'll train it on this expert model.
01:07:11 Sunitha Ramu: OK. Okay.
01:07:13 Mohamed Noordeen: The expert model what you see, we need to go through the pre training first then only we can do SFT, then only we can do supervised fine tuning for using free training itself. We need this particular architecture to train. OK yeah.
01:07:22 Sunitha Ramu: Agree. Tell me. Ugly, ugly. OK. Okay.
01:07:28 Mohamed Noordeen: This expert model, what you see, we need to go through the pre-training first, then only we can do SFT, then only we can do supervised fine-tuning. For using free training SL, we need this particular architecture to train. OK, yeah. I. I think you you can.
01:07:31 Sunitha Ramu: So here in this model, right, let's see. Now normally these all trained on the existing data right and what we have observed is the failure of integration with the live realtime scenarios. Does this model have an integration with the live systems like?
01:07:33 Mohamed Noordeen: Uh, I think yeah, uh, you can.
01:07:52 Sunitha Ramu: So here in this model, right, I see, normally these are trained on the existing data, right? And what we have observed is the failure of integration with the live real-time scenarios. Does this model have an integration with the live? Systems, like any tools that gets added to this model or.
01:07:55 Mohamed Noordeen: No, no tools are added here.
01:07:55 Sunitha Ramu: Systems like any tools that gets added to this model or.
01:07:57 Mohamed Noordeen: No, no tools are added here.
01:07:57 Sunitha Ramu: Model set OK. This all only on the pre no existing data only no like.
01:07:59 Mohamed Noordeen: Not all such. Not all search.
01:08:02 Sunitha Ramu: Hotel 7. OK, this is all only on the pre new existing data only.
01:08:02 Mohamed Noordeen: Oh, what do you what do? Oh, what do you what do you mean tools here?
01:08:03 Sunitha Ramu: No label.
01:08:05 Mohamed Noordeen: No, what do you what do you mean tools here?
01:08:05 Sunitha Ramu: No for let's say, right, what is the weather, right? So the model may not have, yeah.
01:08:08 Mohamed Noordeen: No, no, no, no, no notice. Yeah. No to us. No tolls, only with the given data. We are doing a pre training.
01:08:12 Sunitha Ramu: No, for let's say right, what is the weather right? So the model may not have, yeah.
01:08:17 Mohamed Noordeen: No, no, no, no tools. Yeah, no tools, no tools. Only with the given data we are doing a pre-training.
01:08:17 Sunitha Ramu: OK. Okay.
01:08:20 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, so given a data, how you how you select an expert to predict the next token? That's it.
01:08:27 Sunitha Ramu: OK, OK.
01:08:28 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, so given a data, how you how you select an expert to predict the next token? That's it.
01:08:28 Sunitha Ramu: Okay, okay.
01:08:30 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. Any other question, guys, if you have questions, we can ask here itself. Tell me if you have any questions. So you can see these are all the benchmark what it has performed. You can see this missile 7 billion.
01:08:47 Asha Ponraj: We lost the screening note.
01:08:49 Muniappan Mohanraj: No, sorry.
01:08:49 Asha Ponraj: We lost the screen ignore.
01:08:50 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, uh, any other question, guys? If you have questions, you can ask here itself. Tell me if you have any questions. So you can see these are all the benchmark what it has performed. You can see this missile 7 billion.
01:08:53 Muniappan Mohanraj: No, sorry. No.
01:08:55 Mohamed Noordeen: Can you see now? Can you see now?
01:08:58 Asha Ponraj: Yeah. Yeah.
01:09:00 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So you can see this. Yeah, so you can see this. Different models they have trained with different benchmark, so you lose. I hope you would have seen this particular hello swag ARCZ open book QA natural question what is what is all this GSM 8K? What are what is all this. Yeah, MML.
01:09:31 Mohamed Noordeen: Different models they have trained with different benchmark. So you use, I hope you would have seen this particular hello swag, ARCZ, open book, QA, natural question. What is all this? Bull queue, GSM 8K. What is all this? Yeah, MMLU.
01:09:32 Muniappan Mohanraj: The datasets.
01:09:32 Asha Ponraj: Examples.
01:09:32 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, MLU.
01:09:33 Muniappan Mohanraj: The data sets.
01:09:33 Asha Ponraj: Examples.
01:09:33 Mohamed Noordeen: Examples of. Examples of.
01:09:35 Parthasarathi: Yeah, that's it. That is it.
01:09:35 Muniappan Mohanraj: Data sets.
01:09:36 Devi Narayanan: Datasets. Datasets.
01:09:36 Mohamed Noordeen: Oh yeah.
01:09:36 Parthasarathi: Data set, data set.
01:09:37 Mohamed Noordeen: Oh yeah, I said. He does it. Data, data set with question and also answer and with their test data. So there is a train data and other test data.
01:09:37 Muniappan Mohanraj: Data sets.
01:09:46 Mohamed Noordeen: Well, yeah, it's a data set, data data set with question and also answer, and with the test data, so there is a train data and other test data. is all different if you can copy paste to google you will find this a data set which you'll find hugging face OK for example hello style you can just go and find it we should see This is all different. If you can copy paste to Google, you will find this is a data set which you will find in hugging paste. OK, for example, hello style, you can just go and find it. We should see in the. We should see in there.
01:10:00 Mohamed Noordeen: I can't see it. So Rowan. Hello, swag. So this is the paper where they have given this data set and here you can download the data set. So the data set what you have activity label CTXA C. Again, we see it, so Rowan, hello swag, so this is the paper where they have given this data set, and here you can download the data set, so the data set, what you have activity label. CTX here CTXP CTS the question. CTXA, CTXP, CTS, the question. It's like playing data and test it. I can see it and always answer you. I think this is an answer. It's like plain data and test it. I can see it, and what is the answer here? I think this is an answer. Activity label, that is remove eyes from car.
01:10:44 Mohamed Noordeen: activity label that is remove eyes from car. And then. Then the man. Remove ice from car. Sorry. Removing ice from car. Then the man rides over the snow, covering the windows of a car and a woman wearing winter clothes twice. Then the man rides over the snow, covering the windows of the car and the woman wearing winter clothes, moist and so ending. So the man adds wax to.
01:11:10 Mohamed Noordeen: Remove eyes from car, sorry, removing eyes from car, then the man rides over the snow covering the windows of a car and the woman wearing winter clothes, smiles. Then the man rides over the snow covering the windows of a car and the woman wearing a winter clothes, mice then. So ending. So the man adds wax to the Enfield and cuts it. The person walk, ski left. OK, so this is an answer. This is an option so. So the man adds flags to the end field and cuts it, the person go ski left. Okay, so this is an answer, this is an option. So this is a question they have given and there's an option they have given and.
01:11:24 Mohamed Noordeen: So, this is a question they have given, and this is an option they have given, and... Modern should understand and give the responses. 33 is the option first option, second option, third option. This is the right answer. So this is the right answer as a label as three. So this how you have multiple data sets here multiple sorry multiple samples here for this Halo swag data set and that will be trained against the model new model. What they have created. So based on that they have.
01:11:47 Mohamed Noordeen: Model should understand and give the response as three. Three is the option. First option, second option, third option. This is the right answer. So this is the right answer as a label as three. So this is how you have multiple data sets here, multiple, sorry, multiple samples here for this Hello Swag data set and that will be trained against the model, new model what? They have created so based on that they have given the score. So for example here in this case the. They have created, so based on that, they have given the score. So, for example, here in this case, the...
01:11:54 Mohamed Noordeen: MLU, so MLU, is this particular part that is popular, aggregated is an MMLU and you can see the result from different models from llama to Mr. And here Mr 7 billion. That is one expert that is no expert is the 7 billion it gave this result where around 60, two or three something and Mr 87 billion.
01:12:14 Mohamed Noordeen: MMLU. So MMLU is this particular part that is popular aggregated result MMLU and you can see the result from different models from Lama to Mister and here Mister 7 billion that is 1 expert that is no expert Mister 7 billion it gave this result where around 62 or 3. Something and Mr 87 billion 8 mixer of expert when they created a result actually got better, so you can see the result. So from 62 it it went above 70 around 70 right. Can you see this? something and Mr. 87 billion 8 mixture of expert when they created result actually got better. So you can see the result so from 62 it went above 70, around 70, right? Can you see this? Can you see this? Yes.
01:12:32 Mohamed Noordeen: Can you see my screen and now if if you can, if you can one minute. So if you compare this result with this particular green colour, this green colour is llama 270 billion, 70 billion is huge model. So if you compare all this model has the biggest model is 70 billion model. Here the comparison and 7 billion is 10 times smaller than this 70 billion.
01:12:32 Asha Ponraj: Yeah.
01:12:34 Devi Narayanan: The one that.
01:12:34 Asha Ponraj: Yeah, yeah.
01:12:34 Devi Narayanan: The one, that's why. The one that was wrong.
01:12:54 Mohamed Noordeen: Can you see my screen? Okay. And now if you can, if you can, one minute. So if you compare this result with this particular green color, this green colour is llama to 70 billion. 70 billion is huge model. So if you compare all this model has the biggest model is 70 billion model here for the comparison. And 7 billion is. 10 times smaller than the 70 billion ten times smaller, with a different of expert 8 expert of 7 billion. It can still have a performance which is equivalent to that right. And now you can understand in different categories in knowledge understanding in reasoning in compensate comprehension.
01:13:12 Mohamed Noordeen: 10 times smaller than this 70 billion. 10 times smaller with a different of expert 8, expert of 7 billion, it can still have a performance which is equivalent to that, right? And now you can understand in different categories in knowledge, understanding, in reasoning. And compensate comprehension AG evaluation math problem everywhere. This mixture of expert is kind of giving a good result. in competency, comprehension, AGA evaluation, math problem, everywhere, this mixture of expert is kind of giving a good result. Correct. There guys. Dear guys. Is that no. Sir, no.
01:13:31 Sriram Subramanian: Yes.
01:13:32 Asha Ponraj: Yeah.
01:13:32 Sriram Subramanian: Yes, ma.
01:13:33 Manoj PS: Yes.
01:13:33 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. Yeah. Next question. Yeah. Next question. Yeah, we can ask question. Yeah, next question. Yeah, we can ask a question.
01:13:37 Devi Narayanan: Sir, there was a mention about the file shots. Eight shots in the data set. Right. So is it about the examples that is provided in the data set for training?
01:13:45 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, short examples here number.
01:13:47 Devi Narayanan: Sir, there was a mention about 5 shots, 8 shots in the data set, right? So is it about the examples that is provided in the data set for training?
01:13:47 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, short examples, yeah. Number of examples you give while prompting. Number of ex.
01:13:48 Devi Narayanan: Yeah.
01:13:50 Mohamed Noordeen: number of examples you give while prompting.
01:13:52 Devi Narayanan: Got it.
01:13:53 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, yeah, I think this is more than enough for you to understand what is mixed up experts. So I think this one is very good I can. Okay, yeah. Yeah, I think this is more than enough for you to understand what is mixture of experts. So I think this one is very good. I can see this one you can understand in a very good way. OK. Note down this. I'll just copy paste it. I can see this one you can understand in a very good way. OK, note down this, just go copy paste it. So. OK. Okay. Mm. Shall we proceed next next topic.
01:14:51 Mohamed Noordeen: Shall we proceed next next topic?
01:14:51 Sriram Subramanian: Yeah.
01:14:51 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. So from the yesterday's discussion or did we discuss, we'll go with the next. Yeah, so from the yesterday's discussion, or did we discuss? We'll go with the next. Anyone bring that?
01:14:51 Sriram Subramanian: VP. VP token some temperature.
01:14:52 Mohamed Noordeen: Anyone bring that?
01:14:52 Sriram Subramanian: BP tokens of temperature.
01:14:54 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, temperature token. Yeah, that is other important concept. OK, so let's try to again. So I have. Yeah, temperature token. Yeah, that is other important concept. OK, so let's try to again. So I have this PPT for you, but let me just take PPE token.
01:15:07 Mohamed Noordeen: So I have this PPT for you, but let me just take PPE token. Yeah. Yeah, and this is a whole concentration now. So BP encoding, so this is a old concept. And this is a old concept case. So now, so VP encoding. So this is a old concept. Before. Was enhanced, sorry. I was in Nancy, sorry. Says bite very good. Says white, very good. 3:20. E20. You.
01:15:55 Mohamed Noordeen: We have got the CPT to paper, right? We need to open a eye. GPT to open AI. To see it in the paper of GP2, what we have already seen, they have mentioned something as an input representation. They mentioned that they use byte pair encoding. It's a practical middle ground between character and word level language modelling which effectively interpolates between the word level inputs and frequent symbol sequence.
01:16:35 Mohamed Noordeen: So see here in the paper of GPT-2, what we have already seen, they have mentioned something as an input representation. They mentioned that they use byte pair encoding is a practical middle ground between character and word level language modeling, which effectively interpolates between the word level inputs. And frequent symbol sequence and character level inputs from infrequent simple sequence like somebody asked me yesterday why do we need to do a character level? Why do we need to? and frequent symbol sequence and character level inputs from infrequent symbol sequence. Like somebody asked me yesterday, why do we need to do a character level? Why do we need to lose word level? Why do we need to use token level? I just say just for our understanding just to visualise how the result is going to be for a character level. We just added this but we don't know what is the right way of adding it. That is where this particular VP comes in place. So while you do a while you.
01:17:08 Mohamed Noordeen: Why do we need to use word level? Why do we need to use token level? I just say just for our understanding, just to visualise how the result is going to be for a character level, we just added this. But we don't know what is the right way of adding it. That is where this particular BP comes in place. So while you do a... While you decide on a word level or a character level, there is something in between, not even a word level, not even a character level. We will decide on the token level and that. While you decide on a word level or a character level, there is something in between, not even a word level, not even a character level. We will decide on that.
01:17:20 Mohamed Noordeen: Token level and that token is going to be in between the word and character, so the result is this byte packing. This byte paren coding is what we will understand how this byte bar encoding works, and this is what most of the LLM LLM models are using it. Token level, and that token is going to be in between the word and character, so the result is this byte pattern coding. This byte pattern coding is what we will understand how this byte pattern coding works, and this is what most of the LLM. A little models are using it OK and each and every companies, each and every, let's say for for open. LLM models are using it. And each and every companies, each and every, let's say for.
01:17:47 Mohamed Noordeen: Or open a they have their separate tokens for Gemini. They are separate tokens for cloud. They have separate tokens every every other LMS have their own separate tokens. So what do you mean separate tokens? We will see that and with that separate tokens we'll see. We will train it and that token is what is going to be predicted in the output.
01:18:08 Mohamed Noordeen: For OpenAI, they have their separate tokens. For Gemini, they have separate tokens. For Cloud, they have separate tokens. Every other LLMs have their own separate tokens. So what do you mean separate tokens? We'll see that. And with that separate tokens, we'll see, we will train it. And that token is what is going to be. Predicted in the output OK. Predicted in the output, OK? So we'll see this. Understand this. What is this BP? So we'll see this, understand this, what is this VP? Ohh. OK. No, OK.
01:18:18 Sunitha Ramu: So which one is good? Is it a word or BP? Which one you based on your experience, right?
01:18:25 Mohamed Noordeen: Oh, world level. Nobody's going to use, so it's going to be on BP only.
01:18:26 Sunitha Ramu: So which one is good? Is it a word or BP? Which one you based on your experience, right?
01:18:27 Mohamed Noordeen: Oh, world level. Nobody's going to use, so it's going to be. Oh, word level nobody's going to use, so it's going to be on BP one. K So we don't know. So when it comes to English, you know? Okay, so we don't know. So when it comes to English, you know... You can say you understand the words, but when it comes to some other language I let's say you are training a model using Chinese or Arabic. So now in that case there should be some sort of a tokenization technique where you say that this is the granular part of an input where I will send it to my transformer or a GPT. So what?
01:19:03 Mohamed Noordeen: You can say you understand the words, but when it comes to some other language, let's say you are training a model using Chinese or Arabic. So now in that case, there should be some sort of a tokenization technique where you say that this is the granular part of an input where I will send it to my transformer. Or a GPT. So what is that granular part? Is it a character? Is it a word or is it a token? So when it is a token? or a GPT. So what is that granular part? Is it a character? Is it a word? Or is it a token? So when it is a token, what it is token can be a word or it can be a sub word.
01:19:15 Mohamed Noordeen: So when it is a token, what it is? Token can be a word or it can be a subword. Token can be a word or it can be a support. Token can be a word or it can be a subword. How are we defining a token? How are we finding a token? How are we setting this? Is the most granular part where I'm going to treat it to my alarm so that is what BP? Okay, how are we defining a token? How are we finding a token? How are we setting? This is the most granular part where I'm going to treat it to my LLM. So that is what BP is going. So that is what BP is going to help us. So that is what BP is going to help us. Yeah. Yeah.
01:19:52 Sunitha Ramu: Sure. OK.
01:19:52 Mohamed Noordeen: Said no.
01:19:52 Asha Ponraj: Yeah.
01:19:52 Mohamed Noordeen: Sir, no.
01:19:52 Sunitha Ramu: Sure, OK.
01:19:52 Mohamed Noordeen: I will see this so I can. Let's see, according to. We'll see this, like, let's say, according to... Google so BP is a sub word tokenization algorithm used in large language model like GPT 24 and Lama to break text.
01:20:06 Devi Narayanan: RSR screen sharing is lost. Sorry, sir, screen sharing is lost.
01:20:08 Mohamed Noordeen: Google. So BP is a subword tokenization algorithm used in large language model like GPT-24 and Lama to break text. Now we can see, right? Now we can see, right?
01:20:21 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yes, Sir. Yeah. Yes, sir, yeah.
01:20:22 Mohamed Noordeen: I. Is something from mine. I need to change. I'm not sure, or teams itself is having this issue, I'm not sure. Is something from mine. I need to change. It is something from mine I need to change. I'm not sure or Teams itself is having this issue. I'm not sure. OK, so BP is a sub word organisation algorithm, so it's an algorithm.
01:20:39 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, so BP is a subword tokenization algorithm, so it's an algorithm. For support organisation used in large language model like GPT to GPT 4 and a llama to break text into smaller manageable units. For tokens to break the smaller manageable minute call tokens. It merges the most frequent pairs of character or character sequence iteratively to build a vocabulary that.
01:21:02 Mohamed Noordeen: for subword tokenization used in large language model like GPT-2, GPT-4, and LLMA to break text into smaller manageable units for tokens. To break the smaller manageable unit called tokens, it merges the most frequent pairs of character or character sequence. I did delete to build a vocabulary that handles both common words and unknown and rare and words efficiently. OK, this is the main. Iteratively to build a vocabulary that handles both common words and unknown and rare and words efficiently. OK, this is the main. Best crux of this, VP? So BP is is actually baking the words to a granular part and we name it as a token. And why do we do this? We are setting this token to understand the vocabulary in terms of.
01:21:31 Mohamed Noordeen: understand the crux of this BP. So BP is actually baking the words to a granular part and we name it as a token. And why do we do this? We are setting this token to understand. Vocabulary in terms of how a common words are coming and even unknown words when it is coming. How can how can it manage or rare words effect to use it effectively in the token output. Yeah, yeah. We'll see how we are breaking. The vocabulary in terms of how a common words are coming and even unknown words when it is coming, how can how can it manage our rare words to use it effectively in the token output? Yeah. Yeah, we'll see how we are breaking this character to a token that we'll see.
01:21:57 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, we'll see how we are breaking this character to a token. OK, that we'll see. I think we go for a break and come back, so we'll start this new concept. So let's take a short break and come back and we'll come restart this, OK. I think we can go for a break and come back. So we'll start this new concept. So let's take a short break and come back and we'll come restart this. Yeah.
01:22:14 Mohamed Noordeen: What's the time now? What's the time now?
01:22:15 Muniappan Mohanraj: Sure, no 912. Sure, no, 912.
01:22:17 Mohamed Noordeen: 912, OK, yeah, we'll come back by 9:30, yeah.
01:22:18 Muniappan Mohanraj: Yeah.
01:22:21 Ramesh Kandasamy: Filter.
01:22:22 Mohamed Noordeen: Nine 12, OK. Yeah, we'll come back by 9:30, yeah. Come back. Come back by 9:30. Come back by 9:30 PM. Come back by 9:30, yeah.
01:43:06 Mohamed Noordeen: Welcome back guys. Should we start? Yeah, welcome back, guys. Shall we start?
01:43:09 Ramesh Kandasamy: Yes you can. Yes, you can.
01:43:15 Mohamed Noordeen: A very important concept place. So I want everybody's attention here. A very important concept, guys, so I want to everybody's attention here.
01:43:26 Mohamed Noordeen: Ugh. So this particular concert, what we are going to discuss now that is on BP temperature, top B, top K These are one of the very important interview questions people easily ask. So this particular concept, what we are going to discuss now, that is on the BP, temperature, top P, top K. These are one of the very important interview questions people. Easily ask and you can also easily explain to them it's not so difficult. Only thing is you need to understand the concept. I need to understand the need of that concept that is more important. What is the need of those concept? If you can understand the threats behind this so that is going to very much helpful. OK.
01:44:11 Mohamed Noordeen: easily ask and you can also easily explain to them. It's not so difficult. Only thing is you need to understand the concept and you need to understand the need of that concept. That is more important. What is the need of those concepts? If you can understand the cracks behind this, that is going to be very much helpful.
01:44:11 Mohamed Noordeen: It's. Yes. Yeah. Yeah, let's try to make it simple. So that is my main objective here. Let me. Yeah, let's try to make it simple. So that is my main objective here. Let me share. Let me share the screen. Let me share the screen. So BP. So, BP. Bite. Bite there. Encoding. Encoding. So. So we are going to understand 2 concept. One is from the input and another is from the output end. We have learned in between the. So, we are going to understand 2 concepts: one is from the input end, another is from the output end. We have learned in between.
01:45:02 Mohamed Noordeen: The the the logic in the architecture we have learned like what is an embedding, what is a position encoding, what is an attention mechanism, what is a feed forward layer and today we have learned in the feed forward layer there is something called mistral of expert we can add and we can we understood about the encoder we have a stack of encoder and then the encoder is going to give the output.
01:45:26 Mohamed Noordeen: The the the logic in the architecture we have learned, like what is an embedding, what is a positional encoding, what is an attention mechanism, what is a feed forward layer, and today we have learned in the feed forward layer there is something called Mistral of expert we can add and we can we understood about the encoder, we have a stack of encoder. And then the encoder is going to give the output as output layer and then soft Max. You get the produce. So we have learned all those logic behind all those thing. But here now today especially this particular session we are going to understand one from the input there is something called BP byte pair encoding is what we are going to use for token.
01:45:46 Mohamed Noordeen: And then the encoder is going to give the output as output layer and then softmax you get the properties. So we have learned all those logic behind all those things. But here now today, especially this particular session, we are going to understand one from the input there is something called BP byte. Pair encoding is what we are going to use for token. Understand the tokens and from the to the output. We are just finding the probabilities, but from the probabilities we are going to do some sort of an adjustment to make my to make the output of my GPT to be more creative or to be subtle.
01:46:04 Mohamed Noordeen: pair encoding is what we are going to use for token understanding the tokens and from the and to the output we are just finding the probabilities but from the probabilities we are going to do some sort of an adjustment to make my to make the output of my GPT to be more creative. Or to be subtle, or how can I? How can I select the tokens output in effective way? So how can I make how can I tune my probabilities of predicting the tokens? So that's what we are going to learn so one. or to be subtle, or how can I select the tokens output in an effective way? So how can I make, how can I tune my probabilities of predicting the tokens? So that's what we are going to learn.
01:46:25 Mohamed Noordeen: So 1 from. So... One from input level we are going to learn that is BP, ANOTHER is from the output level. What we are going to learn 3 concept called temperature, top three, top K. OK so to start with we learn about that BP. So BP, as I said it's a it's. One from input level we are going to learn that is BP and other is from the output level what we are going to learn 3 concepts called temperature, top P, top K. OK, so to start with we learn about the BP. So BP, as I said, it's a, it's a paper called by pair encoding, which I think it came around 2015 or something. It's it's it's it's before I think, yeah, it's we saw.
01:46:53 Mohamed Noordeen: So, BP, as I said, it's a it's a paper called Byte Pair Encoding, which I think it came around 2015 or something. It's it's it's before BPT confer, I think. Yes, we saw the paper also. Let me just be specific on that also, so here. Yeah, it's we saw the paper also; let me just be specific on that also, so here. From this particular paper. From this particular paper. Arsh.
01:47:21 Mohamed Noordeen: It's coming to this page. What is the right paper? It's coming to this page. What is the right paper?
01:47:41 Asha Ponraj: Is this the one like theoretical analysis?
01:47:43 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. Yeah, this. Yeah, this one.
01:47:46 Asha Ponraj: Is this the one more like theoretical analysis?
01:47:46 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, the. Yeah, the neural machine translation very well. Should subordiness. OK, this is the paper from this particular paper they have. Yeah, the neural machine translation rate versus subordinates. OK, this is the paper from this particular paper they have. In this particular. came this particular. This one. Neural. Neural machine translation of their words. It's it's subordinates. So we are they should have. Neural machine transition of that word with subordinates, so here they should have. Yeah. So. Yeah, so beep beeping. Get some PP. By parent coding, oh, it is going back to 1994. By by encoding, ohh, it is going back to 1994. That's interesting. So very it's it's not a new concept. The idea behind here is it's a very old concept.
01:48:30 Mohamed Noordeen: Uh, that's interesting. So, very it's not a new concept. The idea behind it is it's a very old concept. BB. So. So a new a new algorithm for data compression, yeah. So, a new a new algorithm for data compression, yeah.
01:49:00 Mohamed Noordeen: Very old paper, OK. Very all together, OK? Article. Article describes a simple general purpose that are coming out of the call by pair encoding, so which came around in the year 1994. OK fine then. So it's very simple. Article describes a simple general purpose data called byte pair encoding, so which came around in the year 1994. OK, fine then, so it's very... Simple way of. Simple way of... Creating a token. Creating a token. OK, so before BP, if I ask you how can you make a token or how can you make a granular input to the model? There are two possible way.
01:49:38 Mohamed Noordeen: Okay, so before BP, if I ask you how can you make a token or how can you make a granular input to the model? There are two possible way. One I can sell I can I can send character by character or otherwise I can send word by word correct? There are two possible ways: one, I can sell, I can I can send character by character, or otherwise I can send word by word, correct?
01:49:49 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yeah.
01:49:50 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes or no?
01:49:51 Devi Narayanan: Yes, sir, yeah.
01:49:51 Mohamed Noordeen: I did. I did character my character or word by word. Now what is the problem with character by character and what is the problem word by word tell me.
01:49:53 Asha Ponraj: Yes.
01:50:01 Mohamed Noordeen: Either character by character or word by word. Now, what is the problem with character by character and what is the problem with word by word? Tell me.
01:50:04 Devi Narayanan: Character by character will not be able to get the context properly.
01:50:05 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah.
01:50:09 Devi Narayanan: Character by character will not be able to get the context.
01:50:09 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, yeah.
01:50:10 Devi Narayanan: And word by word. Maybe we'll have the same word with different context. So again. And word by word, maybe we have the same word with different context, so... Again, that could be another.
01:50:16 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, same word, but for one sec. OK, OK, that's interesting. OK, so if I, if I do a character level tokenization, what will be my vocabulary list?
01:50:18 Devi Narayanan: Again, that could be another problem.
01:50:18 Venkatesan prahalanathan: Yeah.
01:50:32 Parthasarathi: 26.
01:50:32 Venkatesan prahalanathan: Support.
01:50:33 Parthasarathi: Twenty-six.
01:50:34 Mohamed Noordeen: Come again 26. Come again, twenty-six.
01:50:36 Parthasarathi: Yep.
01:50:37 Mohamed Noordeen: And this is every number still be symbols so it will be very lesser. So let's say 100 around 100 simplest one for example. Just give me some small numbers, 100 symbols not more than that and there won't be. And also if you note there is a problem called out of vocabulary problem. Have you seen this out of vocabulary problem?
01:50:39 Sunitha Ramu: Weekly. Yeah.
01:50:43 Parthasarathi: Mm.
01:51:00 Mohamed Noordeen: At least there will be numbers, there will be symbols, so it will be very lesser, so let's say 100, around 100 symbols, for example, just giving some small numbers, 100 symbols, not more than that, and there won't be, and also, if you note, there is a problem called out of vocabulary problem. Have you seen this out of recovery problem in when we train the model in GPT on our own you can see a lot of time. It will just give out of vocabulary. Have you seen this?
01:51:09 Asha Ponraj: Yeah, yeah.
01:51:10 Mohamed Noordeen: Have you seen this out of vocabulary problem in when we train the model in GPT on our own? You can see a lot of time it will just give out of vocabulary.
01:51:10 neelsvel1: Oh yeah.
01:51:10 Mohamed Noordeen: Missing this. Have you seen this?
01:51:11 neelsvel1: Oh yeah, yes.
01:51:11 Mohamed Noordeen: So.
01:51:11 Asha Ponraj: Yeah, yeah.
01:51:11 Mohamed Noordeen: So if it is an out of recovery, we just main, we are just maintain the 0 token level token number is 0 because we don't know what is that token so that is.
01:51:12 neelsvel1: Oh yeah. Yes.
01:51:20 Mohamed Noordeen: So, if it is an out of the, we are just main as we are just maintain the 0 token level token number is 0 because we don't know what is that token. So that is that is how we have we have structured in our notebook where whenever a new token comes in where my model doesn't. So, that is that is how we have we have structured in our notebook, where whenever a new token comes in, where... My model doesn't understand, I just say zero, so out of vocabulary problem is very common. Agree.
01:51:31 Sunitha Ramu: Okay.
01:51:36 Mohamed Noordeen: My model doesn't understand, I just say zero, so out of vocabulary problem is very common. Agree.
01:51:38 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yeah. Yes, sir.
01:51:40 Mohamed Noordeen: Is that?
01:51:41 Asha Ponraj: Yeah.
01:51:42 neelsvel1: Yes.
01:51:43 Mohamed Noordeen: Because you cannot export expect a user to write a query with.
01:51:43 Asha Ponraj: Yes.
01:51:50 Mohamed Noordeen: Because you cannot expect a user to write a query. So everyone we have trained. With the what we have trained. Ali.
01:51:55 neelsvel1: Yeah. Yeah.
01:51:56 Devi Narayanan: That's. That's right. Yes, that's right.
01:51:58 Mohamed Noordeen: So this is one of the main problem to think about going about the cattle level and what level. So with character level I said the vocabulary will be very small, but there won't be any out of vocabulary problem in character level correct but of character level it's it's very very very granular level. So character by character.
01:52:20 Mohamed Noordeen: So, this is one of the main problems to think about going above the character level and word level. So, with character level, I said the vocabulary will be very small, but there won't be any out of vocabulary problem in character level, correct? But of character level, it's very, very, very... granular level. So character by character, you cannot say that people cannot write a new character unless or until they write in different languages. If it is only in English, you cannot find any out of a tablet problem.
01:52:27 neelsvel1: Yeah. Only thing is too many tokens.
01:52:33 Mohamed Noordeen: I.
01:52:35 neelsvel1: Only thing is too many tokens.
01:52:35 Mohamed Noordeen: Now let's throw. That token is very small, right cater liver. No, less token is very small, right, character level.
01:52:39 neelsvel1: No character level, but if you take the whole corpus it will be each character will be one token, right? So there will be a lot of tokens, no? No, no character level, but if you take the whole corpus, it will be each character will be 1 token, right? So there will be a lot of tokens, no?
01:52:48 Mohamed Noordeen: A lot of token for training and that is fine. That is correct. But on a distinct level on a distinct level you have a less number of vocabulary distinct.
01:52:51 neelsvel1: You. But...
01:52:57 Mohamed Noordeen: A lot of token for training and that is fine, that is correct. But on a distinct level, on a distinct level, you have a less number of vocabulary. Distinct level unique vocabulary if you say. distinct level, unique vocabulary if you say.
01:53:00 neelsvel1: But but there is no there, but there is no context of meaning to it, right? So each character, yeah.
01:53:00 Mohamed Noordeen: You need to get married. Unique vocabulary. Got it. Eric.
01:53:07 neelsvel1: But, but there is no, but there is no context of meaning to it, right? So each character, yeah.
01:53:18 Mohamed Noordeen: Correct. That's a problem. That's a problem. You are identified correct. With the word level problem, word level tokenization, the problem here is English has millions of words. Millions of users, right? Millions of words, right? And also there are possibility of typo people can write. And also there are possibility of typo people can write a. For, for, for, for the, they can say THTH. For, for, for the they can say T.H. For writing a word they can write in a short form like how people write in Twitter. So these are also considers out of vocabulary right for word. for writing a word, they can write in a short form, like how people write in Twitter. So these are also considered out of vocabulary.
01:53:46 Mohamed Noordeen: Right. For what level? Right, for a word level. Seveno.
01:53:50 neelsvel1: Hmm yeah.
01:53:51 Mohamed Noordeen: So So what level tokenizing? If you're strict, you're very much strict to the word.
01:53:51 neelsvel1: Yeah.
01:53:57 Mohamed Noordeen: So, so word level tokenizing, if you are strict, you are very much strict to the word. Spelling. Again, you will have a word out of vocabulary if somebody is saying, for example saying cat as Cate, then you say that it's it's out of a cup. I don't know. I doesn't know what it is, but when we see when we read, we understand. So people instead of writing cat.
01:54:19 Mohamed Noordeen: spelling. Again, you will have a word out of vocabulary. If somebody is saying, for example, saying cat as C-A-T-E, then you say that it's out of vocabulary. I don't know, understand what it is. But when we see, when we read, we understand. So. People instead of writing CAT, they have written Cate. You can understand we can understand. But if you are making an aware level tokenization, again there will be a problem of out of vocabulary. Very common. Agree. people, instead of writing CAT, they have written CATE. You can understand, we can understand, but if you are making on a word level tokenization, again, there will be a problem of out of vocabulary, very common. Agree. Agree. Yes or no.
01:54:36 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes or no?
01:54:37 Devi Narayanan: Yes.
01:54:37 Manoj PS: Yes.
01:54:39 Mohamed Noordeen: If you write question to the ChatGPT or cloud any LLM model if you do a spelling mistake.
01:54:39 Devi Narayanan: Yes, of course.
01:54:46 Mohamed Noordeen: If you write a question to the ChatGPT or Cloud, any LLM model, if you do a spelling mistake. What it does is it doing is it not giving you answer or is it? What it does is it doing is it not giving your answer or is it? Understanding your mistake and writing.
01:54:55 Manoj PS: It.
01:54:57 Mohamed Noordeen: Understanding your mistake and writing the right answer. Understanding your mistake and writing a right answer.
01:55:00 Ramesh Kandasamy: Yeah, it is giving them the.
01:55:00 Asha Ponraj: Understands. Understands.
01:55:00 Ramesh Kandasamy: That is giving under.
01:55:02 Mohamed Noordeen: Right, so, so so that is one of the that is one of the reason for using BP. OK, fine now. So now word level tokenization has a problem of out of vocabulary tokenization has a problem of lesser number of vocabulary with.
01:55:03 Asha Ponraj: Yep.
01:55:22 Mohamed Noordeen: Right, so, so, so that is one of the that is one of the reason for using BP. OK, fine now. So now, word level tokenization has a problem of out of a category, cat level tokenization has a problem of lesser number of... Oh, vocabulary with no contacts, no contextual meaning. So. vocabulary with no context, no contextual meaning. So. So what has some issues? So both approaches fail. So now to solve these two problem we are trying to understand. So both have some issues. So both approaches fail. So now to solve these two problems, we are trying to...
01:55:37 Mohamed Noordeen: Understand a new algorithm called BP, so that is what it will try to build the vocabulary for for us, how is it going to build a vocabulary? It's a very simple algorithm. You don't have to worry about stressing your brain. understand a new algorithm called VPE. So that is what it will try to build the vocabulary for us. How is it going to build a vocabulary? It's a very simple algorithm. You don't have to worry about. Testing your brain, it's no brainer algorithm and. Testing your brain, it's no-brainer algorithm, and... We need to decide what is the size of a calorie on the 1st place. We need to decide what is the size of vocabulary on the 1st place.
01:56:03 Mohamed Noordeen: What is my size of a camera in this first place and based on the size of a vocabulary, it's an iterative process. It's an iterative process of of. What is my size of vocabulary in this first place? And based on the size of vocabulary, it's an iterative process. It's an iterative process of... Of combining words together to get a final vocabulary. So I have prepared a Excel sheet for you to understand. Of combining words together to get a final vocabulary, so I have prepared an Excel sheet for you to understand. I I'm. I I'm sticking an example here. I was taking an example here.
01:56:32 Mohamed Noordeen: Try to tweak here to make you understand what is this byte button coding in a very simple way. OK? Can you see my screen? I'm sharing excel sheet with you. OK so.
01:56:44 Devi Narayanan: Yes. Yeah. Yes, yeah.
01:56:46 Mohamed Noordeen: Try to tweak here to make you understand what is this white button coding in a very simple way. Okay, can you see my screen? I'm sharing an Excel sheet with you. OK, so this is, as I said, it's an ITT process. So let's start with simple way. So let's say there are 4 words. OK, there are 4 words with me on the whole corpus. This is my whole corpus, so this exercise will be done before training. OK, let's say. Okay, so this is, as I said, this is an iterative process. So let's start with simple way. So let's say there are four words. There are four words with me on the whole corpus. This is my whole corpus. So this exercise will be done before.
01:57:05 Mohamed Noordeen: Cleaning. OK, let's say GPT 2 have decided to train on the web Pip text and on the books and from the social media. So first of all it collects all the data set so might be 500 gigabytes of data set on textual data. So. training. Let's say GPT-2 have decided to train on the work web text and on the books and from the social media. So first of all, it collects all the data set. So might be 500 GB of data set.
01:57:24 Mohamed Noordeen: Contextual data. So now that 500 giga textual data is going to be undergone for this process for defining a tokens. OK, so let's say for us to understand things better, let's say there are only four words in my call corpus. OK. So in in with respect to chat for with respect to GPT.
01:57:45 Mohamed Noordeen: On textual data, so now that 500 G of textual data is going to be undergone for this process for defining a tokens. OK, so let's say for us to understand things better, let's say there are only four words in my corpus. OK, so in. With respect to chat for with respect to GPT, two or three, there might be billions of words or trillions of words, right? So similarly for us to understand that many that much of scale, let's understand in a small scale and understand the process of BP. Then you can just connect to the dot with how ChatGPT would have done. Open AO dot done.
01:58:04 Mohamed Noordeen: With respect to chat, for with respect to GPT two or three, there might be billions of words or trillions of words, right? So similarly, for us to understand that many, that much of scale, let's understand in a small scale and understand the process of BP, then you can just connect the dot with how. ChatGPT would have done opening out. Done. OK, let's say there is only four words, OK, and each word you can say there are number of frequency in your corpus. So five times this particular word occurred 2 times. This particular word occurred three six times. This particular word occurred three times. This particular word occurred OK on a frequency note and to start with, we treat every.
01:58:24 Mohamed Noordeen: Chat GP or GPT would have done, opening up done. OK, let's say there is only four words. OK, and each word you can say there are number of frequency in your corpus. So, five times this particular word occurred, two times this particular word occurred, six times this particular word occurred, three times this particular word occurred. OK, on a frequency note. And to start with, we treat every character as a token. And to start with, we treat every character as a token.
01:58:28 Mohamed Noordeen: We treat every character as a token, so here low. So L is 1, token O is 1 token, W is 1 Token, underscore is kind of. We can think about end of sequence, end of a sequence. OK, so LO end of a sequence. So number of tokens you have is 4 LOWER underscore. So you can. We treat every character as a token. So here low, so L is 1 token, O is 1 token, W is 1 token. Underscore is kind of, we can think about end of a sequence, end of a sequence. OK, so LO end of a sequence, so number of tokens you have is 4. LOWER underscore, so you can think of 6 tokens or seven tokens, 7 Token, 4 new version, widest. Any questions here? This is the first step.
01:58:55 Mohamed Noordeen: LOWER underscore, so you can think of 6 tokens, so 7 tokens, 7 tokens for new version, widest. Any questions here? This is the first step. So now if you combine everything to. So now if you combine everything to... Distinct vocabulary for this particular dataset. This is going to be a distinct vocabulary. That is 11 base tokens I have. 11 tokens for this particular corpus, the whole corpus what we have. Clear on this.
01:59:01 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah.
01:59:16 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, guys. Clear, guys.
01:59:17 Sriram Subramanian: Yes. Yes, yes. No.
01:59:18 Devi Narayanan: Yes.
01:59:18 neelsvel1: Yes.
01:59:18 Asha Ponraj: Yes, Sir.
01:59:18 Sunitha Ramu: Yes, it's just understand.
01:59:18 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yes.
01:59:19 neelsvel1: Yes.
01:59:19 Sriram Subramanian: Yes, yes, no.
01:59:19 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes, it's just understand this guys. You don't want to do any sort of math around. No homework, no assignment. I just want to understand things to understand here. You can talk in. That's all. So first thing is take whole corpus and then with whole words whatever you have convert to a character level and then with those character.
01:59:19 Devi Narayanan: Yes, sir. Yes.
01:59:40 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes, yes. Just understand this, guys. You don't want to do any sort of math around, no homework, no assignment. You just want to understand things. If you understand here, you can talk in interview, that's all. So first thing is take whole corpus and then with whole words, whatever you have, convert to a character level.
01:59:40 Mohamed Noordeen: And then with those character level take all the distinct characters, whatever you have characters or numbers or or function whatever it may be OK and you have Internet unique representation. What do you say? What do you say? I said vocabulary. So to 1st iteration it's a this is not iteration. So first setting up is.
02:00:01 Mohamed Noordeen: And then with those character level, take all the distinct characters, whatever you have, characters or numbers or functions, whatever it may be, okay? And you have it in a unique representation of what you say as a vocabulary. So to first iteration, it's a, this. Contact this one. So first setting up is take a character level of the granular part of your word level and then you say this may occur.
02:00:07 Asha Ponraj: We lost your screen.
02:00:08 Muniappan Mohanraj: No, lost your screen sharing.
02:00:09 Asha Ponraj: We lost your screen.
02:00:10 Mohamed Noordeen: So first setting up is take a character level of the granular part of your word level and then you say this may occur.
02:00:10 Muniappan Mohanraj: Hello, lost your screen sharing.
02:00:12 Mohamed Noordeen: Ohh. Yeah. Sorry guys, I don't know. Sorry guys, I don't know the solution for this, sorry for that. Sorry guys, I don't know the solution for this. Sorry for that. OK, so so far questions here. Okay, so so far questions here? So what questions here? So, what questions here? Yes, guys. Questions yet. Oh, yeah. So now the first iteration is going to be. Now what I'm going to do is on my whole corpus, on my whole corpus. Now I am going to combine all the possible two tokens, all the possible two tokens. So now this is my one token, right. All the possible two tokens spare for.
02:00:39 Sriram Subramanian: You know.
02:00:39 Manoj PS: No.
02:00:39 Asha Ponraj: No questions.
02:00:39 Manoj PS: No questions. No questions.
02:00:40 Asha Ponraj: So, no questions.
02:00:41 Devi Narayanan: Excuse me.
02:01:01 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes, guys, questions here. So now the first iteration is going to be, now what I'm going to do is on my whole corpus, on my whole corpus, now I am going to combine all the possible 2 tokens, all the possible 2 tokens. So now this is my one token, right? All the possible two tokens spare for example LO is 1 token, OW is 1, token LOOWWEERER underscore RW, underscore N EE WWEESSTE underscore WI is 1 token, DE is 1 Token ES is 1 token, ESST is 1 token. all the possible 2 tokens pair. For example, LO is 1 token, OW is 1 token, LOOWEERER underscore or W underscore, NEEWESSTE underscore, WI is 1 token, DE is 1 token. ES is on token ESESTS on token. TMS will on token so.
02:01:24 Mohamed Noordeen: ES is 1 token, EST is 1 token, TN as well 1 token, so. Take all the possible token which which which is kind of already there. In my words list and combine it with the two tokens and find the number of time that two tokens occurred. So fine like this like in my case. Take all the possible token which which which is kind of already there in my words list and combine it with the two tokens and find the number of time that two tokens occurred. So find like this like.
02:01:44 Mohamed Noordeen: In my case, fine. What all pairs of token occurring in my previous token whatever I have generated. So now if I find it the highest number of token which occurred here is ES ES occurred 9 times. How you can see this ES here one.
02:02:04 Mohamed Noordeen: In my case, find what all pairs of token occurring in my previous token, whatever I have generated. So now if I find it, the highest number of token which occurred here is ES. ES occurred 9 times. How? You can see this ears here 1ES ear one so you can see this frequency of this particular word is 6 time and three times so 6 into 1/3 into one so that becomes 9 tokens correct. Agree.
02:02:19 Mohamed Noordeen: You can see this ES here one, ES here one, so you can see this frequency of this particular word is 6 times and three times, so 6 into one, 3 into one, so that becomes 9 tokens, correct? Agree. Agree.
02:02:21 Asha Ponraj: Yeah.
02:02:21 Kamalam jayaraman: Yes.
02:02:22 Asha Ponraj: Yeah.
02:02:22 Ramesh Kandasamy: Yes.
02:02:22 Mohamed Noordeen: And the next next next is also you can just St also occurred 2 times. STST is also 9 * T Underscore also occurred as nine times and then WEWE which occurred around 8 times. So we can just we're just ranked it based on the number of number of times each pair occurred and you have this numbers.
02:02:24 Sunitha Ramu: Hello!
02:02:44 Mohamed Noordeen: And the next, next, next is also you can just S.T. also occurred 2 times, the S.T. is also nine times, T. underscore also occurred as nine times, and then W.E.W.E. which occurred around eight times, so we can just we just ranked it based on the number of. Number of times each pair occurred and you have this numbers. number of times each pair occurred and you have these numbers. Yeah. Yeah. Questions. Yeah, pushes. Somebody. Somebody got nothing.
02:02:51 Asha Ponraj: *****.
02:02:52 Mohamed Noordeen: symbols are nothing.
02:02:53 Manoj PS: How old is 9 times? Can you explain once more?
02:02:57 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes. So here, yes, you can see this, right?
02:02:59 Manoj PS: Oh, this is 9 times. Can you explain once more?
02:03:00 Mohamed Noordeen: So here, ES, you can see this, right?
02:03:01 Manoj PS: Yes.
02:03:02 Mohamed Noordeen: But for this particular ES, for this newest word, there are six time occurred in this frequency. This particular word occurred six time. But for this particular. But for this particular ES, for this newest word, there are six time occurred in this frequency. This particular word occurred six time.
02:03:11 Manoj PS: OK.
02:03:12 Mohamed Noordeen: And here is also occurred this occurred.
02:03:13 Manoj PS: Okay.
02:03:14 Mohamed Noordeen: And here ES also occurred, this occurred. Three times frequency 6 + 3 is 9. Three times frequency, 6 + 3 is 9.
02:03:19 Manoj PS: Oh, OK, got it. Oh, okay, got it.
02:03:23 Mohamed Noordeen: Ziauddin. Is there no guys?
02:03:26 Manoj PS: Yes.
02:03:26 Mohamed Noordeen: Is that no, guys?
02:03:28 Manoj PS: So it's like the newest the world newest occurs 6 times and.
02:03:28 Sriram Subramanian: Yes. Yes.
02:03:34 Manoj PS: So it's like the newest, the word newest occurs 6 times and... The world widest occurred three times, and if you take the combination of ES 6 + 3 nine, that's right. OK.
02:03:41 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. Yeah, that's it. Yeah, yeah, that's it.
02:03:44 Manoj PS: The word widest occurred three times, and if you take the combination of E is 6 + 3 nine, it's right, OK.
02:03:44 Mohamed Noordeen: It's nine times it occurs, so now you can see there are three words occurred, 3 pair of tokens which occurred 9 times for our case. For our case, let's make it simpler. We are going to take one random pair, let's say ES, so we are going to take this.
02:04:06 Mohamed Noordeen: It's for nine times it occurred. So now you can see there are three words occurred, three pair of tokens which occurred 9 times. For our case, for our case, let's make it simpler. We are going to take one random pair, let's say ES. So we are going to take this ES as one token. OK, new token. So we're just going to say it, this is my new token. So now I will combine this ES to one token because we have seen this ESS occurring lot of time. So this looks. So we are going to take this ES as one token. Okay, new token. So we're just going to say this is my new token. So now I will combine this ES to 1 token because we have seen this ES is occurring.
02:04:21 Mohamed Noordeen: Lot of time so this looks like a new token, so we cannot separate this. So we need to combine this so we are combining this as ESS one token. So now instead of newest now it becomes NEWEST instead of widest. I just say WIDEST this ESS become one token now and number of tokens now instead of. Lot of time. So this looks like a new token. So we cannot separate this. So we need to combine this. So we are combining this as ESS 1 token. So now instead of newest, now it becomes NEWEST. Instead of Y does, I just say WIDEST. This ESS become one token now. A number of tokens now instead of 7/7, this becomes 6/6 here. And number of tokens now, instead of 77, this becomes 66 here. Right. There now.
02:04:47 Mohamed Noordeen: There now?
02:04:49 Asha Ponraj: Yeah.
02:04:49 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes.
02:04:49 Ramesh Kandasamy: Yeah.
02:04:50 Muniappan Mohanraj: Yes. No.
02:04:50 Sriram Subramanian: Yeah, yeah.
02:04:51 Ramesh Kandasamy: Yeah.
02:04:51 Asha Ponraj: Yeah. Yeah.
02:04:51 Muniappan Mohanraj: Yes, no.
02:04:51 Mohamed Noordeen: Now, now same iteration. I'll be doing it, so now I'll find how many times is LO occurred. Ow occurred W underscore occurred how many times N EE W occurred? Wes occurred ESTT occurred, EST occurred. So now I'll find the next.
02:05:12 Mohamed Noordeen: So now, now same iteration, I'll be doing it. So now I'll find how many times is LO occurred, OW occurred, W underscore occurred, how many times NEEW occurred, WES occurred, ESTT occurred, EST occurred. So now I'll find the. Next same thing. Next, uh, same thing. Combining this, yes. So now if you check here EST occurred 9 times. Here again because EST here also there. Combining this ES, so now if you cheque here, EST occurred 9 times here again, because EST here also there.
02:05:30 Asha Ponraj: We lost your screen. We lost your screen.
02:05:30 Ramesh Kandasamy: Screen. Explain.
02:05:30 Asha Ponraj: Yeah, got it.
02:05:30 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah.
02:05:30 Asha Ponraj: Yeah, got it.
02:05:31 Mohamed Noordeen: EST here and EST here. So six time occur here three times occur here. So again it is 9 here and the next is T, underscore, LOOW. So you can just say 9-7 and all those things again for simplicity we're just going to set select one so EST and T. If I combine that becomes like this LOWLOWER.
02:05:52 Mohamed Noordeen: EST here and EST here. So six time occurred here, three times occurred here. So again it is 9 here and the next is T underscore LOOW. So you can just say 9, 7 and all those things. Again, for simplicity, we're just going to set select one. So EST&T, if I combine that becomes like this. LOWLOWERNE. LOWLOWERNEWESTWIDEST. So this particular number now becomes number of token is five year instead of six. Now it becomes 5. LOWLOWERNEWESTWIDEST. So this particular number now becomes number of token as five year instead of six. Now it becomes 5. Yeah. Yes.
02:06:08 Ramesh Kandasamy: Yeah, yeah.
02:06:09 Mohamed Noordeen: These days, yeah.
02:06:09 Manoj PS: Yes.
02:06:10 Ramesh Kandasamy: Yeah, yeah.
02:06:10 Mohamed Noordeen: These guys? Yeah.
02:06:10 Parthasarathi: Yes. Yeah. Yes, yeah.
02:06:10 Mohamed Noordeen: The same iteration again and again.
02:06:11 Devi Narayanan: Yes, sir.
02:06:12 Mohamed Noordeen: The same iteration again and again. I'm just going to do.
02:06:12 Sunitha Ramu: So sorry, Noora, can you just repeat the iteration too alone again please.
02:06:13 Mohamed Noordeen: Now the same iteration again and again I'm just going to do.
02:06:18 Sunitha Ramu: Sorry, sorry, sorry, Nur, can you just repeat the iteration 2 alone again, please?
02:06:21 Mohamed Noordeen: Same thing what we did in iteration one we are going to do this with Iteration 2 also like what all pairs of words occurred. Sorry pairs of tokens occurring. I just want to count it. So if I count how many times LO occurred, it occurred 2 times LO here LO here how many times ow occurred. It occurred 2 times. Same thing what we did in iteration one. We are going to do this with iteration 2 also. Like what all pairs of words occurred, sorry, pairs of tokens occurring. I just want to count it. So if I count how many times LO occurred, it occurred 2 times. LO here, LO here.
02:06:40 Mohamed Noordeen: How many times ow occurred it occurred 2 times soon SO2 window, so I 5 + 2 seven. That's what you see as LO7 times, right? Ow Tucker seven times similarly WE how many times it occurred this year. So WE so it occurred 2 times, right? ER, how long does it occur so similarly? How many times OW occurred? It occurred 2 times. So 2 into, so 5 plus 2 seven, that's what you see as LO, that occurred 7 times, right? OW, it occurred 7 times. Similarly, WE, how many times it occurred this year? So WE, so it occurred 2 times, right? Uh, how long does it occur? So similarly N EE WWEST so ESTT.
02:07:04 Sunitha Ramu: But but yes, why we have combined because of last time we had multiple things as well, right? Just not E and underscore E&S came nine times.
02:07:06 Mohamed Noordeen: ER, how does it occur? So similarly, NEEWEST, so ESTT. I guess you're that's an iteration, right? Yes, we have combined right in the rotation one.
02:07:15 Sunitha Ramu: But, but yes, why we have combined because of last time we had multiple things as well, right? I just not E and underscore E and S came nine times. Yeah, but the S.
02:07:19 Mohamed Noordeen: I guess we have, that's an iteration one, right? E and S we have combined right in the iteration one.
02:07:19 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah, but the SNT is also there, right? Why we may why we didn't do that.
02:07:22 Mohamed Noordeen: So.
02:07:22 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah, but the S&T is also there, right? Why we why we didn't do that?
02:07:22 Mohamed Noordeen: So we are just done only one for now. So we are just done only one for now.
02:07:24 Sunitha Ramu: OK.
02:07:25 Mohamed Noordeen: They did only one for simplicity to understand things better, so we just taken only one so byte pair encoding they they have a set of rules they don't want to worry about what all rules they have. Let's say they select only one out of each iteration on a random basis.
02:07:25 Sunitha Ramu: Okay.
02:07:26 Mohamed Noordeen: They did only one for simplicity.
02:07:30 Sunitha Ramu: Okay. Okay.
02:07:45 Mohamed Noordeen: We did only one for simplicity to understand things better. So we had just taken only one, so byte pair encoding. They have a set of rules, sorry. We don't want to worry about what all rules they have. Let's say they select only one out of. Each iteration on a random basis, if it is same number, OK, so on a same basis there are three three different ways which I got 9. So randomly I said only one OK.
02:07:47 Sunitha Ramu: Okay.
02:07:57 Mohamed Noordeen: Each iteration on a random basis, if it is same number. OK, so on a same basis, there are three three different ways each record 9, so randomly set to only one.
02:07:57 Sunitha Ramu: Okay.
02:07:57 Mohamed Noordeen: OK. The same way here also ES and D second, in second iteration I can see ES and T occurred 9 times just six and times. So we select that and combine that EST to one token. Now do the same thing again and again. So now.
02:08:05 Sunitha Ramu: Nine times, OK. Nine teams, OK. OK. OK. OK. Okay, okay, okay.
02:08:13 Mohamed Noordeen: Okay, so same way here also ES&T second in second iteration I can see ES&T occurred 9 times, the six and so we select that and combine that EST to 1 token. Now do the same thing again and again. Now do the same thing again and again. So now the next time I see EST, underscore has nine time occur. So we combine that to EST. Underscore. OK, now it now the token number got reduced to four. OK, now the next iteration I can see LO occurred 7 times. So this EST underscore. This one token it got created to one token.
02:08:34 Mohamed Noordeen: Now do the same thing again and again. So now the next time I see EST underscore has nine time occur, so we combine that to EST underscore. Okay, now the token number got reduced to four. Okay, now the next iteration I can see LO occurred 7 times. So this EST underscore. This one token it got created to one token. This one token it got created to 1 token. The next highest number I can see is ELVO, which is occurring 7 times and OW occurring 7 times again. So now we just select randomly and now you can just say LO is 1 token, so LOWLOW and ER underscore. So now the number of token got reduced to from 4 it got reduced to three and five OK.
02:08:57 Mohamed Noordeen: The next highest number I can see is LO, which is occurring 7 times and OW occurring 7 times again. So now we just select randomly and now you can just say LO is 1 token. So LOW, LOW and ER underscore. So now the number of token got reduced to from 4, it got reduced to. 3:00 and 5:00. Three and five Ki donation 5 same thing you do. And now the highest number you get is LOW, which occurred 7 times. So now LO is 1 token LOER. 3 and 5. Okay, iteration file, same thing you do and now the highest number you get is LOW which occurred 7 times. So now LO is 1 token. LOER it's another token NEWESTWIDEST, so finally you get a token number instead of having the character level token.
02:09:09 Mohamed Noordeen: LOER it's another token NEWEST. LOER. It's another token NEWESTWIDEST. So finally you get a token number instead of having. Character level token. Now we are going we are getting the lowest water for example from the lowest. From each iteration we got lowest one token and EST underscore 1 token. So lowest has become two tokens not one token. The character level token, now we are going, we are getting the lowest, for example, from the lowest from each iteration we got low as one token and EST underscores one token, so lowest has become two tokens, not one token. Yeah. Yeah, guys. If you do this again and again and again.
02:09:44 Mohamed Noordeen: If you do this again and again and again, what will happen? If you do this again and again and again, what will happen?
02:09:47 neelsvel1: I do.
02:09:48 Sunitha Ramu: The token size will reduce number of tokens will go down and.
02:09:51 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. Yeah, I will get reduced. Yeah, I will get reduced. So you want to decide when to stop, how many?
02:09:54 Sunitha Ramu: The token size will reduce, number of tokens will go down, and...
02:09:55 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, will get reduced, so you want to decide when to stop. How many vocabulary you need so that is something we or or or LLM. How many vocabulary you need? So that is something we or or or LLM. Uhh. Not an alarm. The the one who is going to train this model, they need to decide how many vocabulary they need. When to stop this iteration so that you have that kind of a token which we are going to train it. So this will avoid the out of vocabulary to a good extent. Also this will avoid.
02:10:25 Mohamed Noordeen: not LLM, the one who is going to train this model, they need to decide how many vocabulary they need, when to stop this iteration, so that you have that kind of a token which we are going to train it. So this will avoid the out of vocabulary to a good extent. Also, this will avoid losing the context, so we are still having a context. Also we are we are reducing the out of vocabulary problem here. Also, this will avoid losing the context. So we are still having a context. Also, we are reducing the out of vocabulary problem here. Yes. It's simple. It's simple.
02:10:40 neelsvel1: Yeah.
02:10:40 Sunitha Ramu: So how are you saying that out of vocabulary will be reduced in this but EST we will not even. Yeah, vocabulary. We are getting this, but we'll not validate this vocabulary with the actual vocabulary list that we have nothing like that, right. We will not be able to validate because it's not a proper vocabulary, right?
02:10:41 neelsvel1: Yeah.
02:10:58 Mohamed Noordeen: Cool. Wow. Cool. It's not a proper vocabulary, but still when user is writing something so so you. It's not a proper vocabulary, but still.
02:11:02 Sunitha Ramu: So how are you saying that out of vocabulary will be reduced in this, but EST, we may not even, yeah, vocabulary, we are getting this, but we will not validate this vocabulary with the actual vocabulary list that we have, nothing like that, right? We will not be able to validate. Because it's not a proper vocabulary, right?
02:11:06 Mohamed Noordeen: It's not a proper vocabulary, but still when user is writing something, so... So you when they write something which is wrong or they write something which is not there. So this particular part of rare words, whatever it is there that will also be captured, which is not as a word or not as a character. What you can find, but still there are instances in the training data sample that.
02:11:27 Mohamed Noordeen: So you when they write something which is wrong or they write something which is not there. So this particular part of rare words, whatever it is there, that will also be captured, which is not as a word or not as a character what you can find, but still there are instances. In the training data sample that these kind of awards are good, I'm taking it as a separate tokens, separate level of tokens so it won't be a. in the training data sample that these kind of awards are occurred. I'm taking it as a separate tokens, separate level of tokens. So it won't be a sub word, it might be. So it won't be a subword, it might be... A word also so so for example here in this case.
02:11:43 Sunitha Ramu: Louis, your screen, have you lost your screen? Yeah. Low is like a sub word, right? We are able to see that EST.
02:11:43 Mohamed Noordeen: A word also, so, so for example, here in this case.
02:11:46 Ramesh Kandasamy: Screen screen.
02:11:50 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. Wait, now, wait. I'm just. Yeah. Wait, I got your point. Just example. See it so in in my case here, WIDEST underscore. For example, if I stop here, W is going to be another token. I is going to another token. D is going to another token, correct? Yes or no. Yeah. Wait, now. Wait, I.
02:11:53 Sunitha Ramu: Low is your screen, we lost your screen. Yeah, low is like a subword, right? We are able to see that ESD. Yes, yes, got it right.
02:12:11 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, wait, yeah, wait, I'm just, yeah, wait, wait, I got your point. So, example, see here, so in my case here, WIDEST underscore, for example, if I stop here, W is going to be another token, I is going to another token, D is going to another token, correct? Yes or no. Yes or no? So when users writing something WIE for example, where instead of.
02:12:13 Sunitha Ramu: Yes, yes, got it right.
02:12:23 Mohamed Noordeen: So when user is writing something, WIRE, for example, where instead of... Yeah. Something like this? Something like this VREWRE? Something like this, VREWRE. K So now this is going to be out of a cover, right? Obviously.
02:12:33 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah. Yes, right.
02:12:33 Mohamed Noordeen: Okay, so now this is going to be out of a cover, right? Obviously. Because it's not rained. But if I do this particular way of bite parent coding, it will first find. Is there a word wre no, then it will find. Is there a word WR correct?
02:12:35 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah, yes, right.
02:12:49 Mohamed Noordeen: Because it's not trained, but if I do this particular way of byte pair encoding, it will first find, is there a word WRE? No, then it will find, is there a word WR? Correct.
02:12:51 Sunitha Ramu: OK. Yeah.
02:12:52 Mohamed Noordeen: Sir, no. And still there is no WR then it will say it will find. Is there a word? Is there a token W?
02:12:53 Sunitha Ramu: Okay. Yeah.
02:12:59 Mohamed Noordeen: And still, if there is no WR, then it will say it will find, is there a word, is there a token W? Elect.
02:13:02 Sunitha Ramu: Okay.
02:13:02 Mohamed Noordeen: From here it will go and find W there is a token called W Here so this this this is actually AW there's a token. OK, good. And RRE is a is there a word called re is it is it there? OK fine. If it is not then fine. Is there a word called is there is there a token call R yeah it is there so like yeah so there is a token call R so is there a token.
02:13:04 Shabbir J: Yeah.
02:13:07 Sunitha Ramu: Mhm.
02:13:10 Shabbir J: Okay.
02:13:10 Sunitha Ramu: Correct. Correct.
02:13:14 Shabbir J: Two.
02:13:15 Sunitha Ramu: No. No. Hot.
02:13:25 Mohamed Noordeen: So, from here, it will go and find a W. There is a token called W here, so this is this is actually a W. There's a token. OK, good. And R.R.E. is there a word called R.E.? Is it is it there? OK, fine. If it is not, then fine. Is there a word called is there a token called R? Yeah, it is there, so yeah. But there is a token call R, so is there a token call E or E underscore? Yeah, something if it is there then fine, OK. Otherwise E separate token and underscore separate token. So because of.
02:13:28 Shabbir J: Thanks. Six. No, sir, yeah, what I have a note here, the user mention here, L, L, comma zero is right, 7 times, count is 7, right?
02:13:37 Mohamed Noordeen: So there is a token called R. So is there a token called E or E underscore? Yeah, something. If it is there, then fine. OK. Otherwise, E separate token and underscore separate token. So. Because of... L comma 0 L comma yeah. L come on zero, yeah.
02:13:49 Shabbir J: Some people listen. Sorry, man. Right, ** ***. Only two times here. I thought someone wished. I just want to understand me. So, you know, always, uh, sorry then, right? We see only two times here, like, out, I just want to understand here.
02:13:58 Mohamed Noordeen: LO here you can see this lower occurred five times. The frequency of five times and.
02:13:59 Shabbir J: Six. YouTube.
02:14:05 Mohamed Noordeen: LO here, you can see this low word occurred 5 times, a frequency of five times. And lower frequency two times. So this particular word is five times occurring, so five times of lo, two times of Lo here. So 5 + 2 becomes 7. And lower frequency two times, so this particular word is five times occurring, so five times of LO, two times of LO here, so 5 + 2 becomes 7. Got it.
02:14:21 Shabbir J: C.
02:14:22 Mohamed Noordeen: Got it. The clip should be it. Is it clear, Shabbir?
02:14:26 Shabbir J: No, no. Yeah, I didn't say that. Yeah, sorry. Sorry. Yellow is.
02:14:29 Mohamed Noordeen: Not yet.
02:14:34 Shabbir J: Sorry, sorry, yeah, Louis.
02:14:35 Mohamed Noordeen: No. So.
02:14:35 Shabbir J: I don't think.
02:14:36 Mohamed Noordeen: No, so.
02:14:37 Shabbir J: I tend to speak.
02:14:41 Mohamed Noordeen: Going on I. Going on, I'm hearing you. Go on, go on. I'm hearing you.
02:14:43 Shabbir J: No, no. Hold on five, you're saying, right? But no. First of all, the frequency where it's different from the frequency. No, no, file you're saying, right? The low first of all, the frequency, you know, where it's depends on the frequency.
02:14:50 Mohamed Noordeen: The corpus. Is the corpus?
02:14:52 Shabbir J: Okay.
02:14:53 Mohamed Noordeen: Data corpus. Data corpus.
02:14:58 Shabbir J: You're referring to the whole one.
02:14:59 Mohamed Noordeen: I'm. I'm taking an example of four words. Each word I'm saying five times it occurred this occurred 2 times. This occurred 6 times. This occurred three times. This is my corpus.
02:15:01 Shabbir J: You are referring to the whole one. OK, OK.
02:15:11 Mohamed Noordeen: I'm taking an example of four words; each word I'm saying five times it occurred, this occurred 2 times, this occurred 6 times, this occurred three times. This is my corpus total corpus and from this corpus I'm defining how much time each token occurred, how much time split of token occurred, so how much time we have as we combine the tokens, we're finding the numbers.
02:15:12 Shabbir J: Okay, okay. Thank you. What? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. No, no, no. Yes, I was counting the numbers in the switches to.
02:15:28 Mohamed Noordeen: This is my corpus, total corpus. And from this corpus, I'm defining how much time each token occurred, how much time split of token occurred, so how much time we are, as we combine the tokens, we are finding the numbers. OK. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so. Yeah. Yeah. So you this issue should consider this also this frequency. OK, fine. Coming back here. So in this case, the out of vocabulary format you will you will.
02:15:34 Shabbir J: Yeah, yeah, no, no, no, yes, I was counting the number. Okay.
02:15:46 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, yeah, so you should consider this also, this frequency. OK, fine. Coming back here, so in this case, the out of vocabulary format. You will, you will. You will, you will. Find. Find. Either. Either. There is a possibility. There is a possibility of whole world either a possibility of. There is a possibility of whole word, either a possibility of... Group of character either a +1 character. So in that case the out of vocabulary will be diminished. Here in this particular problem. Sorry in this particular solution. group of character, either a positive of 1 character. So in that case, the out of vocabulary will be diminished here in this particular problem, sorry, in this particular solution.
02:16:12 Mohamed Noordeen: Clear coming is. Is that a question? Clear, Kavi, is that a question?
02:16:16 Sunitha Ramu: No, I'm. I'm good. Yeah. Thank you. All right, I'm good, yeah. Thank you.
02:16:18 Mohamed Noordeen: So now if I just go on sick this GPT token. So now if I just go on, cheque this GPT token. Niger. And calculator. One calculator. So if you see this particular site, they have mentioned GPT 5 point XGPT 4, GPT 3 legacy. OK, so now let's say if I write a write a input here and now if I just ask the. So if you see this particular site, they have mentioned GPT 5.x, GPT 4, GPT 3 legacy. Okay, so now let's say if I write a input here. And now if I just ask the GPT, they're saying that how this work is going to be tokenized based on the BP, what they have trained. OK, so this is going to become like this token layer open is 1 Token, EAI is 1 token.
02:17:06 Mohamed Noordeen: And now if I just ask the GPT is saying that how this word is going to be tokenized based on the BP what they have trained. OK, so this is going to become like this token layer open is 1 token. Yeah, it's one token AI and apostrophe, SS1, token space large is 1 token space, language is 1 token and you can see total token for this particular text is 52 and number of characters is 280.
02:17:26 Mohamed Noordeen: AI is 1 token, AI and apostrophe S is 1 token, space large is 1 token, space language is 1 token, and you can see total token for this particular text is 52 and number of characters is 280. Yep.
02:17:26 Asha Ponraj: Yeah, we lost your screen now. Yeah, got it.
02:17:34 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
02:17:34 Asha Ponraj: Yeah, we lost your screen, Noordeen. Yeah, got it.
02:17:34 Mohamed Noordeen: So you can see the stock.
02:17:34 Sunitha Ramu: But if you, when, when, when you look at this, all the words are complete, right? Whereas when we do, it is all broken, but here it shows complete, so is is.
02:17:34 Mohamed Noordeen: So you can see the stock for. No. No. No, the opening is open is 1 token right? EA is 1 token right? It's not complete. No, the open AI is open is 1 token, right? AI is 1 token, right? It's not complete.
02:17:48 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah, but other than that, if you see all the other things right, which are common, learn right and in even in characters, everything comes together like. But if you look at it, characters shows up only one word in the entire sentence. OK.
02:17:56 Mohamed Noordeen: Mhm. Oh. Oh, this particular. Oh, this particular sequence. It is like this, but let's say.
02:18:09 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah, but other than that, if you see all the other things, right, which are common, learn, right, and even in characters, everything comes together, but if you look at it, characters shows up only one word in the entire sentence itself. OK.
02:18:11 Mohamed Noordeen: In this particular sequence, it is like this, but let's say... Oh.
02:18:40 Asha Ponraj: Yeah, no. When you write in the same page, when you write sweetest, it breaks the word sweet and estate separately.
02:18:42 Mohamed Noordeen: E?
02:18:49 Asha Ponraj: Yeah, no, when you write in the same page when you write sweet test, it breaks the word sweet and EST separately.
02:18:51 Mohamed Noordeen: Oh yeah.
02:18:52 Asha Ponraj: And the same token as a page.
02:18:53 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, yeah.
02:18:54 Asha Ponraj: Yeah, in the same token as a page.
02:19:30 Mohamed Noordeen: So see here for this particular set biotechnology you say BI is 1 token. So see here for this particular. So, C, for this particular biotechnology, you say BI is 1 token. More technologies and other token. More technology is another token. Isn't it ISN is 1 token. Isn't it ISN is 1 token? IPhone please want to open micro encapsulation see it micro is 1 token hyphen is 1 Token ENC is 1 Token APS is 1 token ULH right. Can I see this? This one is a good example migrant cap session check this yes guys.
02:20:04 Mohamed Noordeen: Hyphen T is 1 token, micro encapsulation. See here, micro is 1 token, hyphen is 1 token, ENC is 1 token, APS is 1 token, ULH, right? And I see this, this one is a good example. Micro encapsulation, cheque this. Yes, guys. Turn off. Suddenal.
02:20:09 Sunitha Ramu: Yes.
02:20:10 Asha Ponraj: Yeah.
02:20:10 Manoj PS: Yes. Yes.
02:20:11 Kamalam jayaraman: Yes.
02:20:12 Sunitha Ramu: Yep, got it done.
02:20:13 Asha Ponraj: I think when I I tried the same word, same one example that you used earlier. But I added two more words which is out of the context of what we have given. Then it breaks the word you know single word into multiple syllables like along with that word without meaning any meaning. I added a sweetest, fullest, hardest year on yearning some words it.
02:20:13 Sunitha Ramu: Yep, got it.
02:20:28 Mohamed Noordeen: Mm. Yeah.
02:20:41 Asha Ponraj: I think when I tried the same word, same one example that you used earlier, but I added two more words, which is out of the context of what we have given. Then it breaks the word, a single word into multiple syllables. Like along with that word, without meaning any meaning, I added a sweetest, fullest, hardest. I'm yawning some words. It takes some of the words there.
02:20:43 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, you can see the example here. I see it. I'm just saying. WHERE? So this is 1 token because this is a lot of time it has seen where is the word and it has created as A1 token. Now if I just write this WHRE it's there is no Oracle.
02:20:43 Asha Ponraj: Just earning some words, it breaks some of the words there.
02:20:59 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, you can see the example errors here. I'm just saying WHERE. So this is a one token because this is a lot of time it has seen where is a word and it has created this A1 token. Now if I just write this WHERE. It's there is no work all there, but still it says WHS 1 token RES 1 token. It is not saying this. I'm not. I'm out of my calculator. I don't understand what you're saying. Correct? Yes or no.
02:21:10 Mohamed Noordeen: It's there is no vertical where, but still it says WH is 1 token, RE is 1 token. It is not saying this. I'm not, I'm out of my cavity. I don't understand what you're saying, right? Is that no? If I, say WORE.
02:21:13 Sriram Subramanian: Just one.
02:21:14 Manoj PS: Yeah.
02:21:14 Mohamed Noordeen: If I say WORE.
02:21:14 Sriram Subramanian: Yes, one of you.
02:21:15 Mohamed Noordeen: Wre. Wreu. OK, so W is taking one token, R is taking another token. OK. Wrecking. WRE or WRU thing. So W is taking one token, R is taking another token. OK, so in that case out of vocabulary problem is is graded diminished and we don't have to worry about that and it is rightly segregating the. Okay, so in that case, out of vocabulary problem is greatly diminished and we don't want to worry about that. And it is rightly... Segregating the word to tokens, a word may not. Maybe a token. A word may be a sub token OK and this from GPT 3. So now there are three menus they have given before training the model.
02:21:53 Mohamed Noordeen: segregating the word to tokens. A word may not, may be a token, a word may be a sub token. Okay, you need to, and this is from GPT-3. So now there are three menus they have given. Before training the model access it. This particular process has is it will be done and they will stop in certain process for with some certain vocabulary numbers they will try to achieve and if that particular number of vocabulary achieve they will stop with the nitration. So now the same process here there are. Before training the model, as I said, this particular process will be done and they will stop in certain process for with some certain vocabulary numbers they will try to achieve. And if that particular number of vocabulary achieved, they will stop with an iteration.
02:22:13 Mohamed Noordeen: So now the same process here, there are 68 tokens. Now if I just combined change it to GPT 4, so now it becomes. So now the same process here, there are 68 tokens. Now if I just combine, change it to GPT 4. Now it becomes 64. So now there is some differences here. So for example here what differences can you see? So now it becomes 64. So now there is some differences here. So for example, here, what differences can you see? Yeah, see it. So here in microencapsulation in the GPT 3. So micro is one word, enc is one word, APS is one word, ULAT H1 word. Just just check this word. Just check this. OK. I just convert to GPT 4 here here.
02:22:52 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, see it. So here in micro encapsulation in the GPT 3, so micro is one word, ENC is one word, APS is one word, ULAT is one word. Just cheque this word, just cheque this. Yeah, I just convert to GPT 4. See it here. Micro ENCEAPSUL. This whole become one word, right? See it here, micro ENCAP, SQLS, this whole become one word, right? Right. Turn off. No.
02:23:04 Sriram Subramanian: Yes.
02:23:04 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir.
02:23:05 Mohamed Noordeen: K so how? How are they trained? You can see this as a result 64 tokens and in GPT 5 it becomes 60 tokens.
02:23:05 Devi Narayanan: Yes, sir.
02:23:14 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, so however they are trained, you can see this as a result, 64 tokens, and in GPT 5. It becomes 60 tokens. It becomes 60 tokens, so where ENC is one, AP is same thing. I think encapsulation same. it becomes 60 tokens. So where ENC is 1, AP is same thing, I think, encapsulation. Same thing. Same thing.
02:23:24 Sunitha Ramu: They shouldn't and isn't, and all it is considering as one word. Actually, shouldn't and isn't and all it is considering as one word. Instead, OF-T right is broken down lasted.
02:23:31 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, isn't isn't just one word. Yeah, correct. Shouldn't is also one word. So we are here, yeah. Apostrophe, apostrophe.
02:23:33 Sunitha Ramu: Instead of hyphen T, right, is broken down last time.
02:23:37 Sriram Subramanian: Biotechnology don't work. Biotechnology number.
02:23:43 Devi Narayanan: So one doubt, Sir, actually in Fast Express also we follow the same process right splitting the word into multiple supports. So what's the difference between fast text and this process DP tokenized?
02:23:43 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, isn't isn't just one word? Yeah, right? Shouldn't is also one word, so we are here, yeah, pause to be pause to be here.
02:23:59 Devi Narayanan: So one doubt, sir. Actually, in fast text process also, we follow the same process, right? Splitting the word into multiple subwords. So what's the difference between fast text and this process, VP tokenized?
02:24:01 Mohamed Noordeen: That is. That is for word embedding we have. That is for word embedding, we have. They can word by word and fastest we are taken character level character by character group of character we have taken for.
02:24:12 neelsvel1: Yeah.
02:24:14 Mohamed Noordeen: Taken word by word and fast checks, we have taken character level, character by character, group of character we have taken. For encoding, sorry for embodying.
02:24:15 neelsvel1: Okay.
02:24:18 Mohamed Noordeen: For encoding, sorry for embedding. So there we are trying to find a vectors vector for a given token. The token may be a word token, maybe a character, but here here we are not trying to do an embedding, so we are just trying to create a token for that. That token will be given to the model.
02:24:39 Mohamed Noordeen: So there we are trying to find a vector vector for a given token. The token may be a word, token might be a character. Uh, but here here we are not trying to do an embedding, so we are just trying to create a token. For that that. Token will be given to the model. token will be given to the model. And that model will find a embedding for it. And that model will find the embedding for it. OK. That is a different.
02:24:47 Devi Narayanan: Is it like with BP token we should go only with fast text process for embedding?
02:24:48 Mohamed Noordeen: So, that is a different.
02:24:53 Devi Narayanan: So is it like with BP token that we should go only with fast text process for embedding?
02:24:53 Mohamed Noordeen: Oh, how come your your combining fastest with this? I don't understand. But VP, why are you combining? Why are you connecting the dot with fastest and PPE?
02:24:59 neelsvel1: EP. Arsh.
02:25:07 Devi Narayanan: So in paste process actually we did the same similar process right we split the words into subwords and we try to find the embedding so.
02:25:09 Mohamed Noordeen: So, how come you are combining fast text with this? Uh, I don't understand. But VP, why are you combining? Why are you connecting the dot with fast text and VP? But. But... Correct, correct. But we did told that.
02:25:18 Devi Narayanan: So, in past X process, actually, we did the same similar process, right? We split the words into subwords and we try to find the embedding, so...
02:25:19 Mohamed Noordeen: Correct, correct, but we did told that. We were in the. We were in the... Was that? Is that?
02:25:24 neelsvel1: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
02:25:25 Mohamed Noordeen: Bag of words. We did a bag of words and then we did a DFIDF and then we did an embedding where we did a word to wake glow past text, and then we mute then and then we said that this embedding word to wake is not effective because there's some words which is having a multiple meanings. But still we are using a same inverting. So we need to go. We cannot use this. So we did an attention mechanism.
02:25:26 neelsvel1: Hear, hear. Yeah.
02:25:31 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Them text.
02:25:50 Mohamed Noordeen: Bag of words, we did a bag of words, and then we did a TFIDF, and then we did an embedding where we did a word to work, glow, pass text, and then we knew, and then we said that this embedding word to work is not effective because there's some words which is having a multiple meanings, but still we are using the same embedding, so we need to go.
02:25:50 Mohamed Noordeen: We cannot use this, so we did an attention mechanism. That's how we came to attention mechanism. Now every words has a vector which is going to be changed or transformed based on the sentence what you pass or paragraph what you pass right? So so we are not going to use a fast excel but you can you can count a dot by understanding. OK faster. Let's also use the mechanism of.
02:25:54 Devi Narayanan: Got it, Sir. Got it, sir.
02:26:06 neelsvel1: So.
02:26:12 Mohamed Noordeen: We cannot use this, so we did an attention mechanism. That's how we came to attention mechanism and now the attention mechanism. Now every word has a vector which is going to be changed or transformed based on the sentence what you pass or paragraph what you pass, right? So, so we are not going to use a fast excel, but you can you can connect a dot by understanding. OK, fast. It's also use the mechanism of reducing the out of it. Yeah, that's that's the point. Yeah, that this point is we can connect the fastest is actually used to reduce out of vocabulary. OK ask text model advantage if you put.
02:26:24 neelsvel1: Also. Oh, so... Okay.
02:26:29 Mohamed Noordeen: Okay, fast text also use the mechanism of reducing the out of, yeah, that's the point, yeah, that this point is we can connect the fast text is actually used to reduce the out of vocabulary, okay, fast text model. The. advantage if you put the main advantage what you will see is it's it reduces out of vocabulary.
02:26:32 neelsvel1: Yeah. I'll talk to you. Out of.
02:26:35 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. Rob was handling off out of vocabulary words. So you can you can connect dot for this particular point if you're connecting then that's that's good. So we are also doing the same thing here. So in tokenization also we are BP also we are doing the same thing just to avoid a out of vocabulary. OK.
02:26:53 Devi Narayanan: Alexa. Yeah. Thank you.
02:26:54 Mohamed Noordeen: Here, progress handling of out of vocabulary words, so you can you can connect dot for this particular point. If you are connecting, then that's good. So, we are also doing the same thing here. So, in tokenization also, we are doing BP also, we are doing the same thing just to avoid a out of vocabulary.
02:26:54 neelsvel1: Look.
02:26:54 Mohamed Noordeen: Okay.
02:26:54 Devi Narayanan: Got it, yeah, thank you.
02:26:54 neelsvel1: So one question. So if you type, if you mistype a word in a sentence, so would you say that as a tokenization and this BP intelligence or it is a context of the sentence intelligence and now the LLMS are predicting right both.
02:26:55 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. No. But yeah, but. Both, yeah, both. Portrayed.
02:27:17 neelsvel1: So one question, so if we type, if we mistype a word in a sentence, so would you say that as a tokenization and this BP intelligence or it is a context of the sentence intelligence? And now the LLMs are predicting, right? What?
02:27:17 Mohamed Noordeen: Both red. The first thing. The first thing is with the BP we are trying to find those words which is of typo.
02:27:18 neelsvel1: Of. Mm.
02:27:29 Mohamed Noordeen: The first thing is with the BP, we are trying to find those words, which is of typo.
02:27:29 neelsvel1: Mm.
02:27:30 Mohamed Noordeen: There in my data set in my data set also they are they are obtain the data set from different sources right in that sources also there might be a typo people have done and we are learning that also correct.
02:27:43 neelsvel1: But the same example right that WD so unless it sees that in the BP encoding so it may not know until it sees the context of the sentence, right or no. So it may not be annoying. It is wide not because of the BP but because of the context of the sentence, right?
02:27:44 Mohamed Noordeen: there in my data set. In my data set also, they have trained the data set from different sources, right? In that sources also, there might be a typo people have done and we are learning that also. Correct. No. Yeah, I understand the point, what you're saying. But what I'm claiming here is that typo problem is solved with solved by two mechanism, one in BP. In BP they would have solved because that BP would have seen the seen the typo in the training data set also.
02:28:04 neelsvel1: But the same example, right, that WDE, so unless it sees that in the BP encoding, so it may not know until it sees the context of the sentence, right? So it may not be annoying, it is wide, not because of the BP, but because of the context of the sentence, right? Mm. Oh, both OK. Oh, both? Okay. Mm.
02:28:25 Mohamed Noordeen: No, yeah, I understand the point what you're saying, but what I'm claiming here is the typo problem is solved with solved by two mechanism. One in BP, in BP, they would have solved because that BP would have seen the... In the typo in the training data set also.
02:28:26 neelsvel1: OK.
02:28:27 Mohamed Noordeen: seen that typo in the training data set also.
02:28:28 neelsvel1: Okay.
02:28:28 Mohamed Noordeen: I think I need it. Also there might be the same type of happened, so BP captures that.
02:28:31 neelsvel1: Yeah. Yeah, yeah. OK. Got it. Yeah. So answer is both. OK. Thanks.
02:28:34 Mohamed Noordeen: I think training it also, there might be the same type of happened. So BP captures that. 2nd in yeah, yeah. Second, yeah, yeah. So the we don't need to worry about what kind of text you give. It takes care about. It takes care about understanding the typo, what it has been seen in seen in training data set. Also if it is not seeing if it if it have not seen that type of typo in that now in the inference.
02:28:41 neelsvel1: Yeah, yeah, okay, got it. Yeah, so answer is both cool. Okay, thanks. Okay. Yeah. Okay.
02:29:03 Mohamed Noordeen: So, the we don't need to worry about what kind of a text you give; it takes care about it takes care about understanding the typo, what it has been seen in seen in training data set. Also, if it is not seeing, if it if it has not seen that type of typo in the training data set. No, in the inference it breaks that. Now, in the inference, it breaks that. Token to granular level of a character level.
02:29:07 neelsvel1: Mm.
02:29:08 Mohamed Noordeen: Token to granular level of a character level.
02:29:09 neelsvel1: OK, so yesterday that Tamil you asked us to train, right? So in the word organiser that space did not treated it properly. But when I changed the tokenizer to BP, it treated it properly. Yeah.
02:29:16 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. Mm. Exactly. That's a good use case, yeah.
02:29:26 neelsvel1: Okay, so yesterday that Tamil you asked us to train, right? So in the word tokenizer, that space did not treat it properly, but when I changed the tokenizer to BP, it treated it properly. Yeah.
02:29:27 Mohamed Noordeen: Exactly, that's a good use case, yeah.
02:29:27 neelsvel1: Yeah.
02:29:28 Mohamed Noordeen: Right, so BP understands. So whatever, I don't care about it's in English or Chinese or Arabic or whatever it may be. I'll just take the granular character level, whatever you give it to me, and I will allocate a number to it and then I will keep on adding a pair and cheque how much time it occurs and then I will just say.
02:29:49 Mohamed Noordeen: This is possible token which I need to. This is a possible token which I need to. Come by and it's keep on combating. That's it.
02:29:54 neelsvel1: Mm.
02:29:56 Mohamed Noordeen: Combine and it keep on combining, that's it. He doesn't care about what language, whether it is a coding, whether it is a maths, math number, whether it is a calculation, whether it is a translation, multilingual, doesn't care about anything, just given a given a text to me, I will keep on segregating.
02:29:58 neelsvel1: Okay.
02:30:17 Mohamed Noordeen: It doesn't care about what language, whether it is a coding, whether it is a max math number, whether it is a calculation, whether it is a translation, multilingual, doesn't care about anything. Just given a text to me, I will keep on. Segregating with the least granular character and keep on adding it. Uh, segregating with the least granular character and keep on adding it. OK.
02:30:24 neelsvel1: Mm.
02:30:24 Mohamed Noordeen: Okay.
02:30:26 neelsvel1: Yeah.
02:30:27 Mohamed Noordeen: Just give me a moment. I just. I just give me. Give me a moment. I just need to take the important call.
02:30:27 Ashika Farzana: So this baby. So, this may be...
02:30:32 Mohamed Noordeen: Just give me a moment, I just, I just give me, give me a moment, I just need to take the important call from.
02:32:24 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. Yeah. Sorry. Sorry. Yeah, go on. What's the question? Yeah, sorry, sorry. Yeah, go on. What's the question? What's the question?
02:32:30 Ashika Farzana: Oh yeah, I have a question. Yeah. So, yeah. In BP, we can say like we are, we are mainly using in the face where we are converting the words to numbers, right, the for the, the the tokenization, the, the tokenizer part.
02:32:31 Mohamed Noordeen: What's the question? Yeah, please. What's the question? Yeah, please.
02:32:50 Ashika Farzana: Yeah, I have a question. Yeah, so yeah, in BP, we can say like we are, we are mainly using in the phase where we are converting the words to numbers, right? The for the the the tokenization, the the tokenizer part.
02:32:50 Mohamed Noordeen: What's your number for BP? What's the number for BP? Not getting you.
02:32:55 Ashika Farzana: Yeah. So yeah, so in the BP is primarily used when we are in the tokenization part, right? So where we are using like the token, I say in the tokenization, we are like splitting the words word level like how we are doing that one. So earlier in the embedding and all we were, we were using words word by word I think so here yeah instead of that we are doing this tokenization and everything.
02:32:58 Mohamed Noordeen: Mhm. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah.
02:33:18 Ashika Farzana: Yeah, so, yeah, so in the BP is primarily used when we are in the in the tokenization part, right? So, where we are using like the token in the tokenization, we are like splitting the words word level, like how we are doing that one. So, earlier in the embedding and all, we were we were using words word by word, I think. So, here. Yeah, instead of that, we are doing this tokenization and everything like to split those into like separate get like waiting, yeah.
02:33:22 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, this this is this is the step before embody.
02:33:25 Ashika Farzana: Yeah, instead of that, we are doing this tokenization and everything, like to split those into, like, separate categoric, yeah.
02:33:26 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, this is this is this is the step before embedding.
02:33:27 Ashika Farzana: Yeah, this is a step before embedding. So yeah. Yeah, so.
02:33:28 Mohamed Noordeen: Buddy, OK. Embedding, OK. I I just I I'll just explain you again. Wait.
02:33:32 Ashika Farzana: Yeah, this is a before embedding, so yeah, yeah, so.
02:33:34 Mohamed Noordeen: I will, I'll just, I'll just explain again, wait.
02:33:34 Ashika Farzana: Okay.
02:33:36 Mohamed Noordeen: It say I have I like. Let's say I have, um, I like... It's a video. I mean, I just give this. So first of all though first step will be you say I is a separate word separate L is separate I is separate K separate E separate B separate I is separate R is separate Y separate a separate N is separate. I is separate right? This is how it will look like.
02:34:02 Mohamed Noordeen: I say biryani. I just give this. So first of all, first step will be you say I is a separate word, separate, L is separate, I is separate, K is separate, E is separate, B is separate, I is separate, R is separate, Y is separate, A is separate, N is separate, I is separate. Right, this is how it will look like. Right, this is how it will look like.
02:34:03 Ashika Farzana: Yeah.
02:34:04 Mohamed Noordeen: And for each work for each word. Sorry each character I'll I'll have some number so 1/2 for example 3456. So this I is again two are 788.
02:34:25 Mohamed Noordeen: And for each word, for each word, sorry, each character, I will have some number. So one, two, for example, three, 4, 5, 6. So this I is again two, R, 7, three. 8 N is 9 and I is again 2. 8 N is 9 and I second to. So this is all baby will see.
02:34:30 Ashika Farzana: Yeah.
02:34:32 Mohamed Noordeen: So this is how BP will see. Okay. I see this. Can I see this?
02:34:37 Ashika Farzana: OK. Yeah. OK. Yeah, yeah. Okay, yeah, yeah.
02:34:37 Mohamed Noordeen: This is how it will see. This is how it will see. You lost my screen sharing, right?
02:34:46 Ashika Farzana: Yeah.
02:34:46 Mohamed Noordeen: You lost my screen sharing, right?
02:34:46 Ashika Farzana: Yeah.
02:34:46 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, so this is how it will see. So then what it will do? You'll try to now check how how, how frequent the words are kind of related in terms of putting together. So let's say 1-2 how many times it occurred 2-3 how many times it occurred 3-4 how many times it occurred it.
02:35:07 Mohamed Noordeen: Okay, so this is how it will see. So then what it will do, it will try to now cheque how frequent the words are kind of related in terms of putting together. So let's say one, two, how many times it occurred? Two, three, how many times it occurred? Before how many times it occurred, it'll keep on finding it. Three, 4, how many times it occurred? It'll keep on finding it. So in this case it will find, let's say I don't see anything right so. So now in this case, it will find, let's say, I don't see anything, right? So. I think you got a point. So 1-2 how many different 2-3? How many times 3-4? How many times 4-5? How many times so. I think you got a point.
02:35:23 Ashika Farzana: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. OK, so it will convert to numbers and then it'll see the relation.
02:35:31 Mohamed Noordeen: I think you got a point. So one, two, how many times? Two, three, how many times? Three, 4, how many times? Four, 5, how many times? So. Yeah, yeah. Everything is number we we only know the language algorithm doesn't know language. It just it just only know the numbers, right.
02:35:33 Ashika Farzana: Okay, so it will convert to numbers and then it see the relation. Yeah. Yeah. OK. Yeah, yeah. Okay.
02:35:41 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, yeah, everything is numbered. We only know the language. Algorithm doesn't know language. It just, it does only know the numbers. Eight.
02:35:41 Ashika Farzana: OK. OK, got it. OK. Okay, okay, I got it, okay.
02:35:45 Mohamed Noordeen: OK so.
02:35:45 Asha Ponraj: If you click on the token IDs button, you can see the prop numbers.
02:35:47 Mohamed Noordeen: See, OK, so... Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm just saying that's what I'm that's what I'm going to do. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm just saying that's what I'm that's what.
02:35:50 Asha Ponraj: If you click on the token IDs button, you can see the prop numbers.
02:35:51 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm just saying that's what I'm that's what I'm going to do. So there's an example, right? So see here for token IDs. These are numbers. What it what it sees for us. So, this is an example, right? So, see here for token IDs, these are numbers what it what it sees. For us, it is kind of the extraordinary complex methodology, but for the LLM it is this one. It doesn't know what it is, it just know the number. For us, it is kind of the extraordinary complex methodology, but for the LLM, it is this one. It doesn't know what it is. You just know the number.
02:36:10 Ashika Farzana: Okay, okay.
02:36:13 Sriram Subramanian: No. Is there any limit of characters to form a token? Noor, is there any limit of characters to form a token?
02:36:19 Mohamed Noordeen: Maybe that all the rules they will set. Maybe that all the rules they will set.
02:36:22 Sriram Subramanian: OK.
02:36:23 Mohamed Noordeen: While while running the BP, yeah.
02:36:23 Sriram Subramanian: Okay.
02:36:25 Mohamed Noordeen: While, while running the BP, yeah.
02:36:26 Sriram Subramanian: So the entire VP token should be stored in vector database which is used in while creating the embeddings, correct?
02:36:27 Mohamed Noordeen: Thank you.
02:36:34 Sriram Subramanian: So the entire VP token should be stored in vector database, which is used in while creating the embeddings, correct? OK.
02:36:37 Mohamed Noordeen: Mm.
02:36:37 Sriram Subramanian: Okay.
02:36:37 Mohamed Noordeen: Correct. Well, not for creating embedding. You can say while user is while user is while while user is writing a query.
02:36:39 Sriram Subramanian: Sorry yeah for using. Sorry, yeah, if I'm using... Well... Yeah. Yeah, got it. Yeah. So it will be stored in activities.
02:36:44 Mohamed Noordeen: Correct, while not for creating embedding, then say while user is while user is while user is writing a query. That query, yeah, that query.
02:36:47 Sriram Subramanian: Yeah, I got it. Yeah, yeah. So it will be stored in active events.
02:36:48 Mohamed Noordeen: That query, yeah, that query. Whatever they write, they that needs to be tokenized and that tokenization which already happened, we just map that tokenizing ability and. whatever they write, that needs to be tokenized. And that tokenization, which already happened, will just map that tokenizing. Ability and give the number to it and and create a array of like this. Ability and give the number to it and and create an array of like this.
02:37:05 Sriram Subramanian: OK, good. Thank you.
02:37:05 Mohamed Noordeen: Okay.
02:37:06 Sriram Subramanian: Okay, good.
02:37:09 Mohamed Noordeen: Arsh. Let's see you. But you want this also. It is kind of generating emojis. Also it can able to understand fine. Let's see here, but even this also it is kind of emojis also it can able to understand. Fine. OK, so this is all about VP. So now now you are clear about what is byte pair encoding and how. Fine. Okay, so this is all about BP. So now you are clear about what is byte pair encoding. And how GPT or LLM sees the input. It is not seeing the input in a character level or a word level. Rather it is seeing in a token level and another important information. If you see this, read this particular text here. A helpful rule of thumb.
02:37:46 Mohamed Noordeen: and how GPT or LLM sees the input. It is not seeing the input in a character level or a word level, rather it is seeing in a token level. And another important information, if you see this, read this particular text here.
02:37:46 Mohamed Noordeen: A helpful rule of thumb is that one token generally correspond to four characters of text for common English text, this translates roughly three 4th of a words. So it says that if you are having 575 words approximately, there will be 100 tokens. You cannot say number of tokens equal to number of words. A helpful rule of thumb is that one token generally corresponds to 4 characters of text for common English text. This translates roughly 3, 4 words. So it says that if you are having 75 words, approximately there will be 100 tokens. You cannot say. Number of tokens equal to number of words. number of tokens equal to number of words. OK.
02:38:11 Asha Ponraj: Yeah. Yeah.
02:38:12 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes, but now you should understand. Yes, so now we should understand. Oh. The token calculation happens in LLM. The token calculation happens in LLM. So you always see.
02:38:23 Asha Ponraj: Yeah.
02:38:23 Mohamed Noordeen: So you always see. You always find that and let's say opening eye. You always find that in, let's say, open AI. Ohh. Racing. So they say that if you use GPT 5.5. So they say that if you use GPT 5.5. I will charge $5 per 1,000,000 tokens. OK, now tokens is not actually a word, it is a. It can be a word. I will charge $5 per 1,000,000 tokens. OK, now tokens is not actually a word, it is a... Can be a word or it can be a sub word. So from now on we should never use word for a token. It can be a word or it can be a subword. So from now on, we should never use word or a token. It always is token. He always is a token.
02:39:03 Mohamed Noordeen: And how do you find a token? How do you get a token? That token number is? That can be only understood by the process of BP by OK by. And how do you find a token? How do you get a token? That token number is that can be only understood by the process of BP by. OK byte parent coding so that. OK, byte pair encoding, so that... Token that process is done to define a token. token that process is done to define a token. OK. And based on the thumb rule, they're saying if you have 100 words, sorry if you have 100 words. Sorry if you have. Okay, and based on the thumb rule, they are saying if you have 100 words, sorry, if you have 100 words.
02:39:32 Mohamed Noordeen: Sorry if you have 100 tokens, then possibly your words will be around 75. Sorry, if you have a 100 token, then possibly your words will be around 75. OK. K So the number of words what you have and number of tokens what you have it's not same. Okay, so the number of words what you have and number of tokens what you have, it's not the same. Good.
02:39:47 Devi Narayanan: So one question, Sir, in this example and also we specified a back slash in our dollar at the end of the word, right? So is that happening in this process as well? Like do we have any special character?
02:39:59 Mohamed Noordeen: Mmh.
02:40:05 Devi Narayanan: So, one question, sir: So, in this example, and in yesterday's code also, we specified a backslash N or dollar at the end of the word, right? So, is that happening in this process as well? Do we have any special character to indicate in the word? Like, do we have any special character to indicate end of word?
02:40:07 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. Yeah, that that should. Yeah, that that should be that. Yeah, that that should be that should be. Yeah, that there should be, there should be. Music. Music.
02:40:14 Muniappan Mohanraj: Usually it is a space right to can indicate the end of the world. Usually it is a space right to can indicate the end of the word.
02:40:20 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, if you do slashing. Yeah, if you do slash N. Ah.
02:40:46 Asha Ponraj: No, no. No, no, sorry. We lost your screen. No, sorry, we lost your screen.
02:40:49 Devi Narayanan: You should've gone. In sharjil.
02:40:55 Mohamed Noordeen: It is understanding the space what I'm writing it here and deflecting here as an output, but when it comes to token IDs, I'm not seeing any space how it is finding it. There should be some way finding a space.
02:41:09 Asha Ponraj: Ohh. It looks like the space is taken along with the word by seeing the colours.
02:41:11 Mohamed Noordeen: It is understanding the space what I am writing it here and reflecting here as an output. But when it comes to token IDs, I'm not seeing any space how it is finding it. There should be some way. Finding a space. Finding a space.
02:41:17 Asha Ponraj: It looks like the space is taken along with the word by seeing the colors. Like every.
02:41:18 Mohamed Noordeen: And that's correct. But but in this array format, I'm not seeing a space separate separate route.
02:41:20 Asha Ponraj: Like every.
02:41:25 Mohamed Noordeen: And that's correct, but, but in this array format, I'm not seeing a space separate, separate route. This particular 608 let's say. This particular 608, let's say.
02:41:30 Asha Ponraj: In another thing is that if it takes space as one token, then when pricing it, it will be a lot right? We just saw the tracing under each space takes up one token. In another thing is that if it takes space as one token, then when pricing, it will be a lot, right? We just saw that pricing and each space takes up one token.
02:41:46 Mohamed Noordeen: Mhm. Space is also a very important thing, right? Space is also a very important. Space is all a very important thing, right? Support.
02:41:52 Asha Ponraj: Yeah.
02:41:55 Mohamed Noordeen: So. So the space here it is taken considering the space also here in this sentence whatever you have. So it's not extraordinarily only space. Extraordinarily it's not a complex space complex, right? So with space here it is taken considering the space also here in this sentence whatever you have. So it's not extraordinarily only space extraordinarily. It's not a complex space complex. Right. Space. Space is taken considered but, but the new line space. That's what I'm kind of visualising.
02:42:15 Asha Ponraj: Yeah, yeah.
02:42:20 Mohamed Noordeen: Space is taken considered, uh, but but the new line space, that's what I'm kind of. Realising how it is kind of see it. OK, OK, see it.
02:42:23 Asha Ponraj: No, there is a space next to.
02:42:26 Mohamed Noordeen: Visualising how it is kind of see it. OK, OK, see it.
02:42:26 Asha Ponraj: Now, there is a space next to YB.
02:42:26 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, I'm getting the point now. See it if I give us see, a token number is some 46 right now if.
02:42:33 Asha Ponraj: Yeah.
02:42:33 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, I'm getting the point now. See it, if I give us see a token number is some forty-six, right? Now if I give enter. Now, if I give enter. Character is increasing, the token is not increasing. Character is increasing, but token is not increasing.
02:42:42 neelsvel1: Yeah.
02:42:44 Mohamed Noordeen: Thank you slash and. Thank you, slash N. See ya. See ya.
02:42:55 Asha Ponraj: No, after shouldn't we? There is one purple colour token.
02:42:56 Mohamed Noordeen: Right.
02:42:59 Asha Ponraj: No, after shouldn't we, there is one purple colour token. I think that would be the number of the token. I think that would be the number of the token.
02:43:07 Mohamed Noordeen: Two 7.
02:43:08 Asha Ponraj: You're gone. To Gone.
02:43:09 Mohamed Noordeen: It's taking only one. Just taking only one. Slashing. Russian. Varshini. Open ideas. Why does it listen? OK come 339-2198. OK. There's slash and slash and slash and. 3392198 OK, there's slash and slash and slash and. No, I'm not sure how it is finding the new new line to check. Now, I'm not sure how it is finding the new line. Check.
02:43:45 Devi Narayanan: Just.
02:43:46 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah.
02:43:47 Devi Narayanan: And in this process, the special characters are also considered a separate token, right? So then.
02:43:49 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Obviously not a special, not a separate token that might be combined.
02:43:53 Devi Narayanan: And in this process, the special characters are also considered a separate token, right, sir?
02:43:58 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, yeah, yeah, obviously not a special, not a separate token that might be combined. Yeah. If you say shouldn't, right? Shouldn't it's a special character. This one is special character, but still it is it is identifying it's a.
02:44:09 Devi Narayanan: Sharing your loans? Sharing your bonds. The.
02:44:12 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, uh, if you say shouldn't right, shouldn't it's a special character, this one special character, but still it is it is identifying it says. See it? They shouldn't hear. You can see, right. So this. See it, the shouldn't here, you can see, right? So, this... Apostrophe special character got combined. Do you understand that? Shouldn't should be A1 particular word. Apostrophe special character got combined to understand that shouldn't should be a one particular word.
02:44:27 Devi Narayanan: But.
02:44:28 Ramesh Kandasamy: G.
02:44:28 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes, hyphen intuitive it is. It is understanding hyphen ININT have seen many times so it's a 11 token. But here you can see comma is one separate exclamation range can separate so it may or may not be. I can't say it is always separate token or here here double quotes the IT has taken US1 token.
02:44:31 Devi Narayanan: Yeah. What is?
02:44:49 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes, hyphen intuitive. It is, it is understanding hyphen INT. I have seen many times, so it's a 11 token. But here you can see comma is 1 separate exclamation range can separate. So it may or may not be. I can't say it is always separate token or here, see here. Double quotes the IT has taken US1 token. Double quotes, the it has taken as one token.
02:44:52 Devi Narayanan: And regarding compound words.
02:44:53 Asha Ponraj: Uh, no of you. Yeah, go ahead, lady. Yeah, go ahead, Divya.
02:44:56 Devi Narayanan: Regarding compound words, where we observe microencapsulation counter intuitive, if at all we have those words repeated for a couple of times, that will be considered as one word, right? So that case we are taking care of those words as well. Thank you.
02:45:01 Mohamed Noordeen: Mhm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's like. Yeah, it's like they they they would have stopped the iteration some some point of time, right? If they keep on iterating it, encapsulation might have become one word. At certain point. They need to stop right iteration.
02:45:14 Devi Narayanan: Regarding compound words, where we observe micro encapsulation, counterintuitive, if at all, we have those words repeated for a couple of times, that will be considered as one word, right? So that case, we are taking care of those words as well. Thank you. Understood. Understood, sir. Thank you.
02:45:26 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, it's like they they they would have stopped the iteration some some point of time, right? If they keep on iterating it, encapsulation might have become one word. At certain point, they need to stop right iteration. Yeah. Yes, Sasha. Yeah, yes, Ashika.
02:45:32 Asha Ponraj: Nothing new. I was just saying that I removed all the characters and just typed in the button and it gave me the token ID of enter and space. Nothing, no, I was just saying that I removed all the characters and just typed the enter button and it gave me the token ID of enter and space.
02:45:45 Mohamed Noordeen: OK. Okay. Yeah, I should. Yeah, I should. Find how that new lines has been tokenized that I'm not sure that need to learn, yeah. find how that new lines has been tokenized that I'm not sure that need to learn. Yeah. Anyway, I hope you are clear about this tokenizer, especially this BP BPE byte. Yeah, anyway, I hope you are clear about this tokenizer, especially this VPE. Byte parent coding. Very good interview question to discuss and you can now you should never say a word. byte pair encoding. Very good interview question to discuss and you can now you should never say a word. Should always say token. Should always say token. Because LLM understands the token, it doesn't understand the word OK and phrase based on token, not on the word an LM.
02:46:17 neelsvel1: Okay.
02:46:24 Mohamed Noordeen: Because LLM understands the token, it doesn't understand the word. And LLM is praised based on token, not on the word. An alarm outputs a token, not the word. And LM outputs a token, not the word. OK here. OK, Pierre.
02:46:31 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir.
02:46:32 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes, OK, very good. Now we have understood on the input side of LLM. We are very much clear what we are sending as an input.
02:46:32 Devi Narayanan: Yes.
02:46:32 Asha Ponraj: Yeah.
02:46:43 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes, okay, very good. Now we have understood on the input side of LLM. We are very much clear what we are sending as an input. In what we are coming out as a soft Max that all good properties, but there are three things what you need to understand and know to a very good extent so that you can discuss in the interview. Till what we are coming out as a softmax, that all good product is, but there are three things what you need to understand and know to a very good extent, so that you can. Discuss an interview. Discuss in the interview. Look, I also have a excel sheet for you to go through this, but before that let me just try to understand things by asking some question to see how you can.
02:47:17 Mohamed Noordeen: I also have a Excel sheet for you to go through this. But before that, let me just try to understand things by asking some question to. And see how you can how we can find or learn something. And then we'll. Tell them and see how you can, how we can find or learn something, and then we'll... Uhh. Yeah, fine, I said right. It's first thing, it's temperature. Yeah, sure, fine. I said, right, first thing is temperature.
02:47:39 Mohamed Noordeen: We are seeing my screen right? We have seen my screen, right?
02:47:43 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yes, sir.
02:47:44 Muniappan Mohanraj: Yes.
02:47:45 Mohamed Noordeen: Temperature in the long so this is a very important question guys, very important.
02:47:45 Asha Ponraj: Yes.
02:47:45 Muniappan Mohanraj: Yes, no.
02:47:45 Asha Ponraj: Yes.
02:47:50 Mohamed Noordeen: Temperature, so this is a very important question, guys. Very important question. Very important question. Interview to understand what is the temperature. Very important question: interview to understand what is the temperature.
02:47:55 Mohamed Noordeen: So it's like. So it's like... Just let me just read this. So temperature in LLM is hyperparameter that controls the randomness and creativity of generated text, typically ranging from zero to two. It modifies the probability distribution of a potential next word where low temperature ensures coherent deterministic and precise output while high temper.
02:48:21 Mohamed Noordeen: Just let me just read this: So, temperature in LLM is hyperparameter that controls the randomness and creativity of generated text, typically ranging from zero to two. It modifies the probability distribution of a potential next word, where low temperature ensures coherent, deterministic. And precise output, while high temperature increases diversity, creativity and unpredictability. and precise output, while high temperature increases diversity, creativity, and unpredictability. So output whatever you generate from LLM is actually the probability score correct. Always you find a probabilities. How come when a probability? So, output whatever you generate from LLM is actually the probability score, correct? Always you find the probabilities. How come? And a property is found. When A probability is found. That will be same for same output right for example you ask a question.
02:48:49 Mohamed Noordeen: That will be same for same output, right? For example, you ask a question. Yeah. I asked a question what is? May I ask a question? Uh, what is uh... Temperature. Temperature. In. In LLM. Ask a question. It writes an answer for me, right? It allows the language model parameter that controls and you see this answer. Let me just create another session or you can use the your own session and let me have the same question. To ask a question, it writes an answer for me, right? A larger language model, embraces parameter that controls, and you see this answer. Let me just create another session, or you can use the your own session. And let me have the same question. Same exact local whatever it is exact token.
02:49:26 Mohamed Noordeen: And let me ask the same question, same exact token, whatever it is, exact token. So I'm getting an output which is different from this, yes or no. So I'm getting an output which is different from this. Yes or no? Yes or no.
02:49:38 Sunitha Ramu: Yes, yes.
02:49:38 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yes, sir.
02:49:39 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes or no?
02:49:39 Sunitha Ramu: Yes, yes.
02:49:41 Mohamed Noordeen: It should. It should do the same answer, right? Why is it you're not doing a different answer? That's the first question.
02:49:41 Minumithra: Yes.
02:49:47 Mohamed Noordeen: It should, it should enter the same answer, right? Why is it generating a different answer? That's the first question. Any idea? Any idea?
02:49:53 Jeganathan K: The College Nursing Service for the same context. The output will vary. It will not for the same response.
02:49:55 Ramesh Kandasamy: It will break a man. The temperature.
02:50:06 Jeganathan K: Uh, the conversation, so we can say for the same context, uh, the output will vary, it will not for the same response, everything.
02:50:06 Mohamed Noordeen: OK.
02:50:06 Asha Ponraj: For example, based on my history like what I have searched under or how I expect the conversation or based on the text that I understand like I would have asked him more about give me layman terms or give me in the niche terms or something like.
02:50:07 Mohamed Noordeen: Okay. P.
02:50:16 Ramesh Kandasamy: No it. No, it.
02:50:19 Mohamed Noordeen: M. Mhm.
02:50:28 Asha Ponraj: For example, based on my history, like what I have searched under, or how I expect the conversation, or based on the text that I understand, like I would have asked more about give me in layman terms or give me in... The niche terms or something like that maybe?
02:50:30 Mohamed Noordeen: Mhm.
02:50:30 Asha Ponraj: the niche terms or something like that. Maybe basically from memory.
02:50:32 Mohamed Noordeen: OK.
02:50:32 Asha Ponraj: maybe basically from memory.
02:50:34 Mohamed Noordeen: Okay. Okay.
02:50:37 Ramesh Kandasamy: Ohh.
02:50:38 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, any other answer? Yeah, any other answer?
02:50:40 Ramesh Kandasamy: In. Oh.
02:50:42 Pon Ezhil: Thirty.
02:50:43 Ramesh Kandasamy: This is not generating the same text again and again based on the temperature. This is not generating the same text again and again, based on the temperature, at least.
02:50:49 Mohamed Noordeen: Mhm.
02:50:50 Venkatesan prahalanathan: Sorry. Sorry. No, I missed the question. Can I please come again I'll.
02:50:51 Mohamed Noordeen: K.
02:50:51 Venkatesan prahalanathan: Sorry. Sorry. No, I missed the question. Can I please come again? Sorry, sorry, no, I missed the question. Can I please come again? I'll...
02:50:55 Mohamed Noordeen: No. If I ask the same question. No, if I ask the same question. It's same question to chat to each time it is generating an answer. It's same question to Chat Swathi. Each time it is generating an answer. It's a different answer, sorry, but the occurrence of words.
02:51:09 Venkatesan prahalanathan: Yes it. Yes, it'll it'll. Yes, it'll answer differently.
02:51:10 Mohamed Noordeen: It's a different answer, so context is same, but the occurrence of words. Why you just?
02:51:12 Venkatesan prahalanathan: Yes, it'll, it'll, yes, it'll answer differently.
02:51:12 Mohamed Noordeen: Why you just answering you differently?
02:51:14 Venkatesan prahalanathan: Because each and every time it will hit and it doesn't have the memory or something, so it'll try to do it. Everything from the course it doesn't remember.
02:51:14 Mohamed Noordeen: Why it is answering differently?
02:51:24 Venkatesan prahalanathan: Because each and every time it will hit and it doesn't have the memory or something. So it will try to do it everything from the course it doesn't remember.
02:51:25 Mohamed Noordeen: I'm not getting you handmade.
02:51:25 Venkatesan prahalanathan: Does not have that thing. No, it does not have that thinking capacity or something, right? It does each and every time it'll treat it as a fresh one and it'll try to generate the token and try to check it out. So it'll generate different results. That's. That's why I think like that. Yeah. Does not have that thing.
02:51:26 Mohamed Noordeen: I'm not getting you anyway. Yeah. OK. Okay. Okay.
02:51:41 Venkatesan prahalanathan: does not have that thing. No, it does not have the thinking capacity or something, right? It does each and every time it will treat it as a fresh one and it will try to generate the token and try to cheque it out. So it will generate different results. That's why I think like that, yeah.
02:51:42 Manoj PS: It's because of the temperature and it is unpredictable. So every time we. It's because of the temperature and it is unpredictable. So every time we... Ask a question it.
02:51:48 Mohamed Noordeen: Mhm.
02:51:49 neelsvel1: The.
02:51:49 Manoj PS: Ask a question it.
02:51:50 neelsvel1: So no, if you ask to say, if you ask the same question in the same window, if it caches, it can give the same result, otherwise it will be based upon the top sampling, right?
02:51:50 Manoj PS: Answer differently. Answer differently.
02:51:53 Mohamed Noordeen: Mm. Mm. Mm.
02:52:03 neelsvel1: So, no, if you ask the same, if you ask the same question in the same window, if it caches, it can give the same result. Otherwise, it will be based upon the top sampling.
02:52:04 Mohamed Noordeen: If there's a caching, there's a caching happen then that's a different story. It it, it never hits the APAAPA call never hits. It is just getting very getting the answer from the.
02:52:04 neelsvel1: Late plan. Late plan. No. Why? You said why you said cashing is so if you ask the same question in the same window and you put the same question here in the same window, can we see what it replace? Because there is no.
02:52:16 Mohamed Noordeen: If there's a caching, if there's a caching happens, then that's a different story. It never hits the API. API call never hits. It is just getting the answer from the...
02:52:25 neelsvel1: No, why I said, why I said caching is so if you ask the same question in the same window, can you put the same question here in the same window? Can we see what it replaced? Because there is no context that it's stored right because you opened a new window.
02:52:25 Mohamed Noordeen: You do this. Do the same. It will do it. It will do that. It will go to different dancer on there.
02:52:29 neelsvel1: Because there is no context that it's stored right because you open a new window. OK, because of the temperature I I don't.
02:52:31 Mohamed Noordeen: It will do it, it will do the, it will do the different answer on there.
02:52:31 Asha Ponraj: Yeah.
02:52:34 neelsvel1: Okay, because of the temperature, I don't know.
02:52:37 Mohamed Noordeen: You can answer. You can answer.
02:52:39 neelsvel1: Okay.
02:52:43 Mohamed Noordeen: Yep, alright. So we need to understand this. Why the LLM is generating a different answer and second one is how you can make the result to be more random. I want to make. So we need to understand this, why the LLM is generating a different answer. And second one is how you can make the result to be more random. I want to make my output or can I can I do some setup? Yeah you can do a setup. Let me do one more thing platform. I want to make my output or can I can I do some setup? Yeah, you can do a setup. Uh, let me do one more thing. Uh, platform. Watch out. Or, sharjil.
02:53:28 Jeganathan K: Do you hear the yellow does not know. What is that input and output just to pass that and this response. That's why it will give you a different response everything.
02:53:36 Mohamed Noordeen: Mhm.
02:53:40 Jeganathan K: Under here, the LM does not know what is that input and output, just to pass that and it gives the response. That's why it will give a different response every time.
02:53:40 Mohamed Noordeen: OK. Okay. Let's try here. Let's try here. Right. Mm. My sister and stuff. Or, man, system to start. Yeah. Just window. Just a window. There used to be settings for temperature top B top key. I did showed you right. There used to be settings for temperature, top P, top P. I did show you that. Into. And remove your tongue. Then, remove it. Or am I seeing different? Yes.
02:55:07 Mohamed Noordeen: Or am I seeing different place? That form. Blackform.
02:55:34 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. Hold on. Still. Still. G. Oh yeah, so here is no longer available. We sell tomorrow or certain Spanish.
02:55:57 Mohamed Noordeen: Ohh yeah, so here, uh, no longer ever. Please set a module on certains panel.
02:55:57 Asha Ponraj: We lost your screen.
02:55:57 Jeganathan K: I'm not seeing.
02:55:59 Asha Ponraj: We lost your screen.
02:55:59 Jeganathan K: MMC. You're not saying you're staying now? You're not saying this thing.
02:56:11 Mohamed Noordeen: To your face like. Cheer price. Ohh. I'll do so. Augusta. Is that it?
02:56:59 Mohamed Noordeen: Ohh.
02:57:30 Mohamed Noordeen: I. OK. OK, so create generator this. OK, so I'll create generator this. Temperature and alarms is this one. Temperature and allowance is this one. I see the result. I see the result OK. Now, see the result, uh, OK. I... What is your website next to comments? What is, let's say, match to comments? So talk to you. So, if you do this. What is the response see. What is the response? See the response.
02:58:26 Mohamed Noordeen: What is the response? See the response? The same it's a different. Is it same, different? Yes, you're seeing the screen, right? Yes, you see my screen, right?
02:58:37 Ramesh Kandasamy: Yeah, yeah, I.
02:58:37 Muniappan Mohanraj: Yes. No.
02:58:38 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, yeah, I'm asking a question. What is the temperature in in 30 tokens? And if I run this, it is generating a response temperature parameter controls the randomness or creative LM response. And again, if I run this temperature parameter or control the random.
02:58:38 Muniappan Mohanraj: Yes, no.
02:58:39 Asha Ponraj: Yeah. Yeah.
02:58:39 Jeganathan K: But yeah. Ohh, yeah. Yeah.
02:58:56 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm asking a question: What is the temperature in LLM in 30 tokens? And if I run this, it is generating a response. Temperature parameter controls the randomness or creativity of LLM response, and again, if I run this... Temperature parameter control response. Again, if you run this. Temperature parameter, control the randomness of created of a LM response. Again, if you run this. Temperature parameter control, the random radio. So is it the same response? Temperature, parameter, control the random, so is it the same response?
02:59:05 Asha Ponraj: Yes.
02:59:05 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, so now let me do let me change this temperature, let's say.
02:59:07 Devi Narayanan: Yes.
02:59:11 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, so now let me do, let me change this temperature, let's say. 1. OK, so now again, let me try. OK, so now again, you type. No. Now is it same or different? Now, is it same or different?
02:59:25 Sunitha Ramu: Different. Different.
02:59:26 Asha Ponraj: Different. Different.
02:59:27 Manoj PS: Different. Different.
02:59:29 Mohamed Noordeen: Run again. Run again. Same or different? Same or different?
02:59:37 Sunitha Ramu: Different. Different.
02:59:40 Mohamed Noordeen: Now you. Now you got some point. Now you got some point. Again, done. So, again, then. Again, but... It's different. It's different, right? Hence there is something around this temperature, right? So, it's different, right? Hence, there is something around this temperature. Right. So no. So no.
03:00:01 Sunitha Ramu: Yes.
03:00:01 Asha Ponraj: Yes.
03:00:01 neelsvel1: Yes.
03:00:01 Sunitha Ramu: Yes.
03:00:02 Kamalam jayaraman: Yes.
03:00:03 Mohamed Noordeen: And also there are other three things. And also, there are other three things. Which I don't see here, but that should. But anyway, in the code you can mention that you can do that, but here I can't see usually in the open air they used to show that, but now I can't see that yeah. which I don't see here, but that should, but anyway in the code you can mention that you can do that. But here I can't see. Usually in the open AI they used to show that, but now I can't see that. Yeah. It is even like this medium auto. Yeah, just even like this medium or... Not sure. Did they change or did I am I using in a wrong place? Can't able to visualise that. Particular parameter to change.
03:00:39 Mohamed Noordeen: A particular parameter to change. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Oh, sorry, is this total token. Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. Oh, sorry, is this total token? Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. Anyway, let's come back to the story. So now. Anyway, let's come back to the story, so... Now we won't understand what is that temperature. So here so far with our landing we are seeing when temperature is 0, when the temperature becomes zero, that means your output what you are going to generate will always fix the top word. Now we won't understand what is that temperature.
03:01:18 Mohamed Noordeen: Now we want to understand what is that temperature. So here, so far with our learning, we are seeing when temperature is 0, when the temperature becomes zero, that means your output, what you are going to generate, will always fix the top word. When temperature 0.
03:01:19 Asha Ponraj: We lost the screen again.
03:01:20 Mohamed Noordeen: When temperature is 0.
03:01:21 Asha Ponraj: We lost the screen again.
03:01:27 Mohamed Noordeen: And the temperature is 0. We say that model always picks the top word and there is no creativity and there is no randomness. We always get the same result again and again with the same result with the same input, whatever you pass.
03:01:48 Mohamed Noordeen: When the temperature is 0, we say that model always picks the top word and there is no creativity and there is no randomness. We always get the same result again and again with the same result with the same. Input whatever you pass. Input whatever you pass. That's the first conclusion I'm making, and 2nd conclusion is as the temperature is getting increasing temperature ranges from zero to two actually. So when the temperature is increasing your output. That's the first conclusion I'm making.
03:01:51 neelsvel1: Good.
03:02:04 Mohamed Noordeen: That's the first conclusion I'm making, and 2nd conclusion is, as the temperature is getting increasing, temperature ranges from zero to two, actually, so when the temperature is increasing. Your output. Your output. Response is getting random. Response is getting random. Output response is getting creative each time it is trying to answer in a different way each time. output response is getting creative. Each time it is trying to answer in a different way. Each time your response is not the same with your previous response. each time your response is not the same with your previous response. The second information I'm making. That is like making. Correct.
03:02:26 neelsvel1: Right.
03:02:27 Mohamed Noordeen: Said. Said a bit. In addition to it, there is also top B and top K that we will see how it is kind of ranging how it is kind of affecting. So, with in addition to it, there is also top P and top K that we will see how it is kind of ranging, how it is kind of... Affecting, yes. Affecting, yeah. And now let me go and understand what is temperature for you. So let me try to ask here itself. And now let me go and understand what is temperature for you. So let me try to ask here yourself. With. With a simple example. With a simple example, and... Ten.
03:03:01 Mohamed Noordeen: So I have a Excel sheet for you, so before that let's try to understand and then go to the Excel sheet so you know in my in my final stage I do a softmax right, we do a stock softmax.
03:03:17 neelsvel1: Yeah.
03:03:18 Mohamed Noordeen: So I have a Excel sheet for you. So before that, let's try to understand and then go to the Excel sheet. So you know, in my final stage, I do a softmax, right?
03:03:18 neelsvel1: Yeah.
03:03:18 Mohamed Noordeen: We do a stock of my friend, so we do a soft math with respective to the final output layer.
03:03:19 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yes, sir.
03:03:21 Asha Ponraj: Yeah. Yeah.
03:03:26 Mohamed Noordeen: We do a softmax, right? So we do a softmax with respective to the final output layer. With. With whatever the logic it is giving, we try to convert the logic to a property score. With whatever the logic it is giving, we try to convert the logic to a probability score. At that particular part, we do a small. At that particular part, we do a small. Agree. Agree that's with the temperature. What is the tinkering so you know the softmax properties function the the formula E power Z divided by summation of E power Z, right?
03:03:52 neelsvel1: It was. Yeah.
03:03:57 Mohamed Noordeen: Tinkering, that's with the temperature. What is the tinkering? So you know the softmax probabilities function, the formula E power Z divided by summation of E power Z, right? Now that E powers that what you're getting at large it what you're getting you divide that, log it by T temperature. Now that E powers that what you're getting at large it what you're getting. Now that E power Z what you are getting, that logic what you are getting, you divide that logic by T temperature. You divide the logic by T temperature.
03:04:09 neelsvel1: Two.
03:04:13 Mohamed Noordeen: You divide the logit by T temperature. And what are the temperature you are trying to you're trying to set? That temperature is going to be divided by the logic and you get the final probability. OK, that's what is temperature all about. Now let's try to understand by simple example, let's say. And what are the temperature you are trying to? And what are the temperature you are trying to? You are trying to set that temperature is going to be divided by the logic, and you get a final probability. OK, that's what is temperature all about. Now, let's try to understand by simple example.
03:04:29 Mohamed Noordeen: That's it. You have this word mat, floor roof in my ear, final output layer. And let's say you got a property after softmax with T equal to 1 equal to one you get a soft Max and you're getting 0.70.20.1. Now let's let's. Let's say you have this word mat, floor, roof, it might be your final output layer. And let's say you got a probability after softmax with T equal to 1. T equal to 1, you get a softmax and you're getting 0.7, 0.2, 0.1.
03:04:49 Mohamed Noordeen: No, let's let's let's try to understand with different temperature what it happens here the temperature is equal to 0.5 what? Now, let's try to understand with different temperature what it happens here. The temperature is equal to 0.5. What is temperature equal 1? What is temperature equal to 1? If it if it is temperature equal to 1 then there is no change right? If it if it is temperature equal to 1 then there is no change.
03:05:04 Mohamed Noordeen: If it is temperature equal to 1, then there is no change, right? Yes or no. Is that no?
03:05:06 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yes, sir.
03:05:07 Mohamed Noordeen: There's no shame as it is. There's no shame as it.
03:05:08 Devi Narayanan: Tonight.
03:05:09 Mohamed Noordeen: There's no shame, as it is. If temperature is 0.5, what does it mean? Is you divide each output, what you have got As for each words logic function you divide by the T the number 0.5 you just. If temperature equals 0.5, what does it mean? Is you divide each output what you have got as or each words logit function you divide by the T the number 0.5 you. Just the number. What you're getting is going to be some number like the 0.90.070.020. Just the number what you're getting is going to be some number like this 0.9, 0.07, 0.02. 0.7 here, 0.2 here, 0.1 here. So now here it becomes 0.90.070.02. So that says when you are. 0.7 here 0.2 here 0.1.
03:05:43 Mohamed Noordeen: There is 0.7 here, 0.2 here, 0.1 here, so now here it becomes 0.9, 0.07, 0.02, so that says... And you are dividing your. When you are dividing your... Actual logic function with the temperature of of number less than one. You can see the probability of the highest word becomes more becomes skewed. Actual logit function with a temperature of number less than one, you can see the probability of the highest word becomes more. Becomes skewed. Becomes skewed. Agree.
03:06:06 neelsvel1: Yes.
03:06:06 Mohamed Noordeen: So.
03:06:07 Devi Narayanan: Yes, I did. Yes, I did.
03:06:08 Mohamed Noordeen: Here, here in this particular path it is 0.7 here 0.2 here 0.1 here so here oh it become 0.7 becomes 0.910.2 becomes 0.0070.1 becomes 0.002. So the probability the highest probability 0.7 that becomes a 0.91.
03:06:29 Mohamed Noordeen: See here in this particular path, it is 0.7 here, 0.2 here, 0.1 here. So here it becomes 0.7 becomes 0.91, 0.2 becomes 0.007, 0.1 becomes 0.002. So the probability, the highest probability is 0.7 that. Comes there 0.91. So as you are reducing this number temperature from one to zero, your highest probability will have highest priority, correct? Becomes A 0.91, so as you are reducing this number temperature from one to zero, your highest probability will have highest priority. Correct. Agree. Agree. One place yes or no.
03:06:48 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yeah.
03:06:48 Mohamed Noordeen: Among this, yes or no?
03:06:48 Devi Narayanan: Yes, sir, yeah.
03:06:51 Sriram Subramanian: Yes, yes.
03:06:51 Kamalam jayaraman: Yes, yes.
03:06:51 Mohamed Noordeen: That is one insight.
03:06:51 Sriram Subramanian: Yes, yes.
03:06:52 Mohamed Noordeen: That is 1 insight. Ohh... It lost the screen right? We lost the screen, right?
03:07:03 Sunitha Ramu: Yes, but but Noor, you gave one previously, right? But it when you gave one, it was changing, isn't it? There wasn't no change, OK.
03:07:03 Asha Ponraj: Yes.
03:07:03 Devi Narayanan: Yes, sir.
03:07:08 Mohamed Noordeen: That is not it. One. No change, no. There is no change, one, no change, no.
03:07:13 Sunitha Ramu: Yes, but, but no, you gave one previously, right? But it, when you gave one, it was changing, isn't it? There wasn't no change. OK.
03:07:17 Mohamed Noordeen: No. Evil 2. If I make the number as larger now, see. Uh, T will do if I make the number as larger. I'll see. I'll see it. The score. What? It was 0.70.2.
03:07:26 Sriram Subramanian: You're not sharing. We are not chatting.
03:07:28 Parthasarathi: I know the we lost your screen.
03:07:28 Mohamed Noordeen: Now see it, the score what it was, 0.7, 0.2.
03:07:29 Devi Narayanan: Penis. Not sure.
03:07:29 Ramesh Kandasamy: Thanks.
03:07:30 Parthasarathi: I know we lost your screen.
03:07:30 Devi Narayanan: Queen Ashika.
03:07:36 Mohamed Noordeen: When you when you say AT is equal to 1, you get 0.70.20.1 but 0.5 we are proving that the probability of your your highest word gets more number or higher priority when T is equal to more than one. See how it is let.
03:07:57 Ramesh Kandasamy: How much screen? Screen stopping.
03:07:57 Mohamed Noordeen: When you say a T is equal to 1, you get 0.7, 0.2, 0.1, but 0.5, we are proving that the probability of your highest word gets more numbered or higher priority when T is equal to... More than one. See how it is it say. More than one, see how it is. Let's say.
03:07:58 Ramesh Kandasamy: Screen stop.
03:08:06 Mohamed Noordeen: The probability is T equal to two. The probability is T equal to two. See the score. See the score. From 0.7 it got 0.720.280.20. What can you infer yet what? From 0.7 it got 0.7 to 0.28, 0.20. What can you infer here? What can per year 0.7 becomes 7 becomes 0.520.2 becomes 0.280.1 becomes 0.20. What can? What can for here: 0.7 becomes 7 becomes 0.52, 0.2 becomes 0.28, 0.1 becomes 0.0.
03:08:33 Mohamed Noordeen: 20 what can infer? Two 0, what can infer?
03:08:36 Devi Narayanan: And the increases the probability value decreases.
03:08:40 Mohamed Noordeen: Name.
03:08:40 Devi Narayanan: When T increases, the probability value decreases.
03:08:41 Parthasarathi: Top values are increased more and. Top values are increased more, and...
03:08:44 Sunitha Ramu: The randomness is agreed. Maybe you want the low probability values, right?
03:08:45 Mohamed Noordeen: Mm.
03:08:45 Sunitha Ramu: The random message agreed.
03:08:45 Parthasarathi: You got it by yourself.
03:08:46 Venkatesan prahalanathan: Randomness means a probability means like doesn't.
03:08:46 Parthasarathi: Bigger values are.
03:08:48 Sunitha Ramu: Even the low probability values, right?
03:08:48 Sureshkumar Venkatachalam: The more the temperature gives, the less probability of that is.
03:08:50 Venkatesan prahalanathan: A randomness means a probability means like doesn't.
03:08:53 Sunitha Ramu: High weightage probably increasing.
03:08:54 Sureshkumar Venkatachalam: See, the more the temperature, it gives the less probability of that is.
03:08:55 Mohamed Noordeen: Yep, Yep. So though, let me just conclude here so.
03:08:56 Sunitha Ramu: High weightage probably increase in.
03:09:00 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, yeah, so though let me just conclude here. So I concluded with when T is equal to lesser or T is equal to 0, your creativity is less. You always get the same score and T equal to. So I concluded with when T is equal to lesser or T is equal to 0, your creativity is less. You always get the same score. And T equal to high. I said your your probability is going to be more creative and randomness will be there. So coming into the mathematics we are clearly seeing that and there is a probability of. and T equal to high, I said, your probability is going to be more creative and randomness will be there. So coming into the mathematics, we are clearly seeing that.
03:09:25 Mohamed Noordeen: And there is a probability of each words. And there is a probability of each words. What they're getting? What they're getting if I, Duke. If I tune with the temperature of less than one, I can see always the highest probability word is getting highest preference. That is initially it was 0.7. Now it becomes 0.9. So your highest priority score. what we are getting. If I tune with the temperature of less than one, I can see always the highest probability word is getting highest preference. That is, initially it was 0.7, now it becomes 0.9. So your highest route is for becomes highest. When I increase the temperature is greater than one. If I increase the temperature, what happens here is it happens on an inverse way where the probability.
03:10:03 Mohamed Noordeen: So, your highest probability score becomes highest when I increase the temperature that is greater than one. If I increase the temperature, what happens here is it happens on an inverse way, where... The priority shows that it is giving a chance to those word which is also a less problem, correct. The probability shows that it is giving a chance to those words, which is also less probable. Correct. It is giving a chance that. It is giving a chance that... Chance to floor also with which is at least probably from zero point. Chance to floor also with which is a least probability from zero point.
03:10:26 Mohamed Noordeen: Two, it is boosting to 0.8 it's 0.1. It is boosting to 010.2 with 0.7 it is reducing to 0.5852. So when you increase the temperature the probability of the words are scattered. Two, it is boosting to 0.8, at 0.1, it is boosting to 0.1, 0.2, with 0.7, it is reducing to 0.5852. So, when you increase the temperature, the probability of the words. Are scattered and you give more chance to other words also, which is not highest probability. Are scattered, and you give more chance to other words also, which is not highest probability. Clear. Yeah. Yeah, guys.
03:10:57 Parthasarathi: Listen, yeah.
03:10:58 Mohamed Noordeen: Here, guys. So again, we'll go deep, we'll go deep. So if you have not understood, so just wait. So when T equal to 0 always.
03:10:58 Parthasarathi: Yes, no, yeah.
03:11:06 Mohamed Noordeen: So again, we'll go deep. We'll go deep. So if you have not understood, so just wait. So when T equal to 0. Always pick the top word. OK. Always pick the top word. So it is. You don't want to. We I don't want to see this different result result. I need to see the same result. So if AT equal to 0 your answer is same. Same. How much will you run? It is going to be the same, right? That's what this particular sentence says. T equal to 0. Always fix the top word.
03:11:27 Mohamed Noordeen: Always pick the top word. OK, always pick the top word, so it is, you don't want to, I don't want to see this different result result. I need to see the same result, so if T equal to 0, your answer is same, same. How much ever you run, it is going to be the same, right? That's what this particular... Sentences equal 0 always picks the top word greedy OK, when T greater than, less than one. Sentence says T = 0 always picks the top word DD. OK, when T greater than less than one. And T is less than one. It is safer, more deterministics that is still here. When T is less than one, it is safer, more deterministic. Let us still. Yeah, people less than zero, yeah.
03:11:43 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, T equal to less than 0, yeah. It is safer and D is equal to 0.5 here in this in our case here we. It is safer and D is equal to 0.5 here in this in our case here. We have. We have. We have no option of reducing this zero point less than 0, but we can still keep it. What you can think about is it is safer because it is still going to take the highest priority, correct? Yes, highest probability is is.
03:12:11 Mohamed Noordeen: We have no option of reducing this zero point less than 0, but we can still keep it. What we can think about is it is safer because it is still going to take the highest probability, correct? Yes, I just probably is is going to change it is going to be treated more deterministic in a sense it is always determined. So I know what is the output I will get because I'm treating my result only to those word which is of highest probability in each prediction. So these two are same. You can think about these two are same. Now let let us go to T equal to one that is.
03:12:32 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes, highest probability score is going to change, so it is going to be treated more deterministic in the sense it is always determined, so I know what is the output I will get, because I am treating my result only to those words which is of highest probability in each prediction. So, these two are same; you can think about these two are the same. Now let let us go to T equal to one that is original property. So what are the original property I get? I keep it as it is so that is also kind of a also kind of. Now let us go to T equal to 1. That is original probability. So what are the original probability I get? I keep it as it is. So that is also kind of a...
03:12:39 Mohamed Noordeen: Also kind of you are treating as same same probabilities whatever it is getting you keep it as it is no if it is less greater than one. So more exploration and creativity. So because I am making these words whatever you are getting as an output to give more chance to other words also which is having a least problem as less probability than compared to the highest probability words OK.
03:13:05 Mohamed Noordeen: also kind of you are treating as same, same probabilities, whatever it is getting, you keep it as it is. Now, if it is less, greater than one, so more exploration and creativity. So because I am making these words, whatever you are getting as an output to give more chance to other words also, which is having a least probability, as less probability than compared to the. Highest priority words, OK, so. Highest probability words. OK, so.
03:13:14 Mohamed Noordeen: Any any questions on this, we'll go in deep, but still if any questions on this so far? Any any questions on this? We'll go in deep, but still if you have any questions on this so far.
03:13:20 Sunitha Ramu: This happens because of my. Is it?
03:13:20 Mohamed Noordeen: Any questions? Any questions on that?
03:13:20 Sunitha Ramu: This happens before something.
03:13:20 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. During the software during the softmax.
03:13:20 Pon Ezhil: Good. So why we need it?
03:13:20 Sunitha Ramu: Is it is that? Is it is that?
03:13:21 Pon Ezhil: So, why we need it?
03:13:22 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, during the softmax, during the softmax.
03:13:22 Sunitha Ramu: Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Before I call 'cause. After that, son Max picks up the I guess, right? Before, right, because after that, softmax picks up the, I guess, right?
03:13:30 Mohamed Noordeen: It's it's it's kind of a soft Max only in the soft Max only we are just trying to update this formula.
03:13:36 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah.
03:13:38 Mohamed Noordeen: It's kind of a softmax only. In the softmax only, we are just trying to update this formula. No question shall I proceed. No question, shall I proceed? Let's proceed. Can I proceed? Guys are listening me is it? Is it clear? Yeah.
03:13:54 Sriram Subramanian: It's not here.
03:13:54 Pon Ezhil: Hello. Hello. Hello, hello.
03:13:55 Sriram Subramanian: It's not real.
03:13:55 Pon Ezhil: Hello, hello.
03:13:56 Kamalam jayaraman: Yes, it.
03:13:58 Asha Ponraj: Yeah. Yeah.
03:13:58 Pon Ezhil: Why you need more randomness and creativity code actually, please do one. It is good for the LLM output right? We are getting the most accurate probabilities so why we are expecting more MMSD why we are going beyond.
03:13:58 Mohamed Noordeen: Guys, are you sending me? Is it, is it clear? Yeah. MMM.
03:14:12 Pon Ezhil: Why we need more randomness and creativity at code? Actually, P equals to one. It is good for the LLM output, right? We are getting the most accurate probabilities. So why we are expecting more randomness?
03:14:12 Mohamed Noordeen: Why do we need to?
03:14:12 Pon Ezhil: We are going beyond that. Oh, yeah. Why did you not school?
03:14:13 Mohamed Noordeen: Why do we need to give? Why do we need to give? Yeah. Yeah, when it. Yeah, when it got. And when it comes to language, language is something subjective.
03:14:18 Pon Ezhil: We are going beyond that. We did it. Oh, yeah, we did in a school.
03:14:23 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, when it comes to language, language is something subjective. Right. Right, language is something creative in nature. Right. Language is something creative in nature. Language is something. There is no one answer for one particular question. Language is something there is no one answer for one particular question. Right when you have a definition definition is something is. Right, uh, when you have a definition, definition is something it's... Defined by a textbook that is same, but when you try to explain the definition you can explain that in 100 space 100 of ways. Defined by a textbook that is same, but when you try to explain the definition, you can explain that in hundreds ways, hundreds of ways.
03:14:55 Mohamed Noordeen: Is that no?
03:14:57 Pon Ezhil: Yes, yes.
03:14:57 Mohamed Noordeen: Right. Right. So in that case? Right, so in that case. We are in a generative space when it is generated VI we are generating a new text which is not there initially and when. We are in a generative VI space. When it is generative VI, we are generating a new text which is not there initially. And when you're generating it, you should generate in a in a way that it should be different, or it should be creative in nature. Otherwise, what will happen? And when you're generating it, you should Gener. And when you are generating it, you should generate in a way that it should be different or it should be creative in nature.
03:15:19 Mohamed Noordeen: Otherwise, what will happen? People will think if you are asking a question, you get an answer and and you will get the same answer again and again. So in that case I don't even need to go to the LLM call. I can just save the answer in my DB and for anyone who's asking the same question I will give the same answer right? Yes or no.
03:15:42 Mohamed Noordeen: Otherwise, what will happen? People will think if you are asking a question, you get an answer, and you will get the same answer again and again. So in that case, I don't even need to go to the LLM call. I can just save the answer in my DB. And for anyone who's asking the same question, I will give the same answer. Right.
03:15:43 Pon Ezhil: Yes, yes.
03:15:43 Mohamed Noordeen: Right. Turn off. I don't need I I don't need to have AAP call itself only once you ask a question you get an answer. Keep that in at ADB and anybody asked it fetch from the DB and give the answer. So then that case it is not a generative in nature. So generative is something generates a new new text which I have not seen before. OK but that's the.
03:15:44 Pon Ezhil: Yes, yes.
03:16:03 Mohamed Noordeen: Sir, no, I don't need, I don't need to have a API call itself. Only once you ask a question, you get an answer, keep that in a DB, and anybody asks it, fetch from the DB and give the answer. So then that case, it is not a generative in nature. So generative is something generates a new text which I have not seen before. OK, but that's the power of genetia generating itself itself, a power where it's creative in nature, random in nature still makes sense. Okay, so that's the power of generating AI. Generating AI itself a power where it's creative in nature, random in nature, still makes sense.
03:16:14 Pon Ezhil: OK, now that's true. Thank you. OK, now.
03:16:16 Mohamed Noordeen: Right. Yeah. Fine. Then. So let's try to. OK, so see it when I asked about temperature. It is also saying I can also connect this to top K, top B and show how they work together in real LM decoding. So I said to explain temperature but.
03:16:16 Pon Ezhil: Okay, no, that's true. Thank you.
03:16:37 Mohamed Noordeen: Right, yeah, fine then. So let's try to, okay, so see here, when I ask about temperature, it is also saying I can also connect this to top K, top P and show how they work together in real LLM decoding. So I said. To extend temperature, but by itself, yeah.
03:16:37 Devi Narayanan: But it can drop so. Sorry to interrupt, sir. Actually the example that we showed up there is the context reminds the same, but the way that the answer is generated is different. But here when the probability changes, the output differs right? So the word that we predict itself differently. So how do we actually maintain the context when being more random and generate?
03:16:40 Mohamed Noordeen: To explain temperature, but by itself, yeah.
03:17:02 Devi Narayanan: Actually, in the example that we showed, the context remains the same, but the way that the answer is generated is different. But here, when the probability changes, the output differs. So the word that we predicted itself differs. So how do we actually maintain the context when being more? A random and generate. A random and generative.
03:17:08 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, you. Yeah, you'll find the answer when I explain top key and top B. Yeah, you'll find the answer when I explain top key and. Yeah, you will find the answer when I explain top K and top P.
03:17:12 Devi Narayanan: Okay.
03:17:13 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. Yeah. So when I asked about the temperature by itself, it is saying that can you can I connect this to a top key and top key so that you get to work to understand the real world how it works together, right? Let's ask it and then we'll connect everything in one space and then we'll move to the Excel. What I have. OK, so temperature.
03:17:36 Mohamed Noordeen: So when I ask about a temperature by itself, it is saying that can you can I connect this to a top key and top key so that you get to work to understand the real world, how it works together, right? Let's ask it and then we'll connect everything in one space and then we'll move to the Excel what I have. OK, so temperature reshapes the properties a model first produces largest and converts them to a probability using temperature. OK, so if the temperature is less than one sharper distribution, top words dominate. If temperature get other one flatter distribution more diversity. And this is clear. Next what? OK, so temperature reshapes the probabilities. A model first produces largest and converts them to probabilities using temperature. OK, so if the temperature is less than one, sharper distribution, top words dominate. If temperature greater than one, flatter distribution, more diversity. OK, this is clear.
03:17:56 Mohamed Noordeen: Next, what stop K filtering? OK, so this is. Yeah, very. Next, what is top K filtering? OK, so this is... Yeah. Yeah, very simple answer, but still let's see how it works. Yeah, very simple answer, but still, let's see how it works. So what? What for example, I have a vocabulary of 5000 vocabulary of 5000. How many? So, what, what, for example, I have a vocabulary of 5000, vocabulary of 5000, how many? Neurons will be there in my final output layer. Neurons will be there in my final output layer.
03:18:23 Devi Narayanan: Like this.
03:18:23 Mohamed Noordeen: I don't. That's clear, very good. And now for each 5000, I'll be predicting the probabilities correct.
03:18:24 neelsvel1: And.
03:18:32 Mohamed Noordeen: 5000, that's clear, very good. And now for each 5000, I'll be predicting the probabilities, correct?
03:18:32 neelsvel1: Yes.
03:18:33 Devi Narayanan: Yes, yes.
03:18:33 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, so now after find the properties we are going to do one extra step that is called top key top K top case. I say out of 5000 what is the top K probabilities words I have pretty I have got.
03:18:54 Mohamed Noordeen: Okay, so now after find the probabilities, we are going to do one extra step that is called top K. Top K. Top case, I say out of 5000, what is the top K probabilities? What I have pretty I have got, so let's say top 10 so out of 5000, what is the top 10 words? words I have got. So let's say top 10. So out of 5000, what is the top 10? Words.
03:19:03 Mohamed Noordeen: Which is probably the highest to generate the next token can I find? which is probably the highest to generate the next token. Can I find that? Can I find that? Can I find it? Can I find it?
03:19:15 Devi Narayanan: Yes, yes.
03:19:15 Mohamed Noordeen: 7 instead of taking all the 5000. Sir, no, instead of taking all the 5000. Find the properties and tell me what is the top ten properties? What's your your you have got it. Can you show me so I can see the top 10 words and in that top ten I want to predict I'm going to predict the next word which is going to be off random words. See it so keep.
03:19:40 Mohamed Noordeen: Find the properties and tell me what is the top 10 properties words you have got it. Can you show me so I can see the top 10 words and in that top ten I want to predict. I'm going to predict the next word which is going to be of random words. Yeah. So keep only the top K most probable token set all other to 0 probabilities. So here in this case, let's say ABCDE, you get a probability 0.50.20.1510 and five and I say keep 3. Then I will just keep AB and C which is of highest probabilities, correct? So keep only the top K most probable token, set all other to 0 probabilities. So here in this case, let's say A, B, C, D, E, you get a probability 0.5, 0.2, 0.15, 10 and 5. And I say if keep 3, then I will just keep.
03:20:00 Mohamed Noordeen: AB and T, which is of highest probes, correct. A, B, and C, which is of highest probabilities, correct?
03:20:02 Devi Narayanan: Listen.
03:20:03 Mohamed Noordeen: Correct. And that becomes top three. That becomes this number. Why? Because we are making this A-0000. If I make this a zero, this becomes this number 0.590.240.18 here on this.
03:20:21 Devi Narayanan: Yeah.
03:20:22 Mohamed Noordeen: And that becomes top three, that becomes this number. OK, why? Because we are making this as 0000. If I make this as zero, this becomes this number: 0.59, 0.24, 0.18 here on this.
03:20:22 neelsvel1: So example after temperature, why all that sum is all the probabilities one like softmax?
03:20:22 Mohamed Noordeen: Okay. That's what we are making at 0. We'll make it make it a zero and then again we renormalize so that you get some as one. That's what we are making at 0.
03:20:31 neelsvel1: So, example after temperature, why how that sum is all the probabilities one like softmax?
03:20:38 Mohamed Noordeen: That's what we are making it zero; we'll make it make this a zero, and then again we renormalize so that you get some as one.
03:20:40 neelsvel1: Book.
03:20:42 Mohamed Noordeen: So we we make this a zero, this is 0. This is 0. This is this both are 0.
03:20:46 neelsvel1: What's that?
03:20:47 Mohamed Noordeen: So, we we make this as zero, this is 0, this is 0, this is this both are zero.
03:20:48 Devi Narayanan: Done with one.
03:20:48 neelsvel1: What's that? Ohh. No.
03:20:52 Mohamed Noordeen: Can you see? Can you see this?
03:20:53 neelsvel1: Yeah. Can you tell?
03:20:53 Mohamed Noordeen: Can you see this?
03:20:54 neelsvel1: Yeah. Can you tell one more time? Yeah, can you tell one more time?
03:20:56 Mohamed Noordeen: B&E becomes zero because you are saying K equal to three. D&E becomes zero because we are saying K equal to three.
03:21:01 neelsvel1: OK. Uh-huh.
03:21:01 Mohamed Noordeen: K.
03:21:03 neelsvel1: OK.
03:21:03 Mohamed Noordeen: This two becomes 0. Now you have 0.50.20.15. Now I can normally based on this score.
03:21:10 neelsvel1: Oh, OK, good.
03:21:10 Mohamed Noordeen: This 2 becomes zero. Now you have 0.5, 0.2, 0.15. Now I can normalise based on this score. Right. So 0.5 divided by.
03:21:12 neelsvel1: Oh, okay, good.
03:21:15 Mohamed Noordeen: So, 0.5 divided by the... Addition of three. Addition of three that is 0.85 that. Addition of three that is 0.85. That. That becomes 0.5. That becomes 0.59. That becomes 0.59. 0.240.18 so now. 0.240.18. So now you you add this three become one. 0.240418, so now you add this three become one. Yeah. Yes, Top Gear. Yeah, top K.
03:21:33 neelsvel1: Yeah. And then soft Max also will be uploaded after this. Yeah, and then softmax also will be uploaded after this.
03:21:38 Mohamed Noordeen: So this is Softmax is first uplayed and then we we do this. So this is softmax is first upgrade and then we do this.
03:21:44 neelsvel1: Software. Oh so soft message. Faster play.
03:21:46 Mohamed Noordeen: Let's listen. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Let's see that. Let's see that. Wait, let me complete this, and then let's just together, let's just together.
03:21:48 neelsvel1: Softmax. Oh, so Softmax is first template.
03:21:51 Sunitha Ramu: No, no. No, no software comes after this, right? No, no, softline comes after this, right?
03:21:54 Mohamed Noordeen: Let's say, listen, wait, wait, wait, wait, let's see that. Let's see that. Wait, let me complete this and then it's just together. Let's just together and then. Let's just together and then we'll discuss on that. Let's just together and then we'll discuss on that.
03:21:57 neelsvel1: Oh.
03:21:58 Mohamed Noordeen: No top K you understood. So K temperature you understood top K understood. Now there is another another hyperparameter called top key top P is is just based on the properties not on the not. So now, top K you understood, so K temperature you understood, top K you understood. Now there is another another hyperparameter called top P. Top P is is just based on the probabilities, not on the. Not on the number this numbering numbering is top K top is based on the properties, so here you can just say you need to sort this property and say what is your top fee for example SAP equals 0.75 you take so you check you check.
03:22:36 Mohamed Noordeen: not on the number, this numbering. Numbering is top K. Top P is based on the probabilities. So here you can just say, you need to sort this probability and say what is your top P. For example, SAP equals 0.75 we take. So you check, you check those property which is greater than 0.75. So, you check, you cheque those probability which is greater than 0.75. Okay. Run this. There on this. 0.5. 0.5.
03:22:47 neelsvel1: Um...
03:22:52 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. Yeah, uh... When you are adding up the 0.50.20.150.10.0, if you add what will happen? When you are adding up the 0.5, 0.2, 0.15, 0.10, if you add, what will happen?
03:23:02 neelsvel1: On.
03:23:03 Mohamed Noordeen: What will happen? What will happen this way?
03:23:03 Devi Narayanan: Good 1111.
03:23:04 Muniappan Mohanraj: All songs to one.
03:23:04 Mohamed Noordeen: What will happen this way?
03:23:04 neelsvel1: It will be 1.
03:23:05 Muniappan Mohanraj: All sums to one.
03:23:05 neelsvel1: It will be one.
03:23:05 Mohamed Noordeen: The one OK now if I say can you can you can you find or can you philtre not philtre can you?
03:23:06 Devi Narayanan: Get one, one, one.
03:23:16 Mohamed Noordeen: This one, OK. Now, if I say, can you, can you, can you find or can you filter, not filter? Can you tell me? Can you tell me which words are there with the probabilities of? Can you tell me which words are there with the probabilities of? Zero. 0.7, If I just say it. 0.7 if I just say it. 0.7 What is the top word which is having a problem 0.7? So if you add the 0.5 + 0.2 then becomes what? 0.7 What is the top word which is having a problem 0.7? So if you add this 0.5 plus 0.2 then becomes what?
03:23:37 Devi Narayanan: 0.7. 0.7.
03:23:39 Mohamed Noordeen: 0.7 + 1.5 that ping was at .85 zero .85 + 1.0 that was 0.10 helping 0.95 zero .95 + 0.05 that becomes one so. So if I say tell me the those words which is having a probability is less than 0.7 then less than or equal to seven then these two words will get selected. Why? Because. 0.7 + 1.5 that ping was at .85 zero .85 + 1.0 that was 0.10 helping 0.95. 0.7 plus 1.5, that becomes 0.85 0.85 plus 1.0, that plus 0.10, that becomes 0.95. 0.95 plus 0.05, that becomes 1. So if I say, tell me those words which is having a probability is less than 0.7, then less than or equal to 7, then. These two words will get selected. These 2 words will get selected.
03:24:02 Mohamed Noordeen: Because if I add this too, that becomes 0.7. So now if I add this that that becomes 0.85. Why? Because if I add this two, that becomes 0.7. So now if I add this, that becomes 0.85. There guys. Play, guys.
03:24:11 neelsvel1: Hmm.
03:24:12 Mohamed Noordeen: If I say can you select those words which are probabilities of 0.90 on that case? If I say, can you select those words which are probabilities of 0.90? In that case, this will also get selector. This will get selected. This will also get selected right agree clear.
03:24:21 neelsvel1: It is. C. Yeah. Yeah.
03:24:28 Mohamed Noordeen: So, in that case, this will also get selected, this will get selected, this will also get selected, right? Agree, clear.
03:24:29 Kannabiran G: Yes. Yes.
03:24:30 Mohamed Noordeen: So, no.
03:24:31 Sunitha Ramu: Yes, yes, yes, double say. Suppose I give 0.5 only the first one will come.
03:24:32 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes or no. I don't know.
03:24:32 Sunitha Ramu: Yes, yes, yes, double. Yes, yes, yes. Suppose I suppose I give zero point, why only the first one come?
03:24:36 Mohamed Noordeen: 0.5. Yeah, only person. 0.5, yeah, only Varshini. That is what I'll be. No, check the result. Check the answer here. That is what top P. Now, cheque the cheque the result, cheque the answer here. With 0.75 then 0.50. With 0.75, then 0.50. You'll get here 0.200.700.150.85 S. You get here 0.200, 0.700, 0.15 and here becomes 0.85. So. So 0.75. So, 0.75. Uh, more. This one is all select. This one is all selected and. This one is all selected, and... I don't know why to set it in. I don't know why to set it in this point this one. I don't know why to set it in this point, this one. I think should be only this two is an error. I think it should be only this two is an error.
03:25:17 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, now you're clear right temperature top K and top P just to. OK, now you are clear, right? Temperature top K and top P. Just to give this intuition. Just to give this intuition here.
03:25:24 Sunitha Ramu: Can you explain copy alone again?
03:25:25 Mohamed Noordeen: Just to give this intuition here.
03:25:27 Sunitha Ramu: Can you explain Top P alone again?
03:25:31 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, you have each word, but each word you get a probabilities. And now if I say can you select the words with properties less than 0 or with the top be a 0.70 then? Yeah, you have each word, but each word you get a probabilities. And now if I say, can you select the words with probabilities less than 0 or with the top PS 0.70? Then. Then select all those words. Then, select all those words.
03:25:52 Mohamed Noordeen: Where? While... Calculating cumulative probabilities of each word. Calculating cumulative probabilities of each word. After finding a cumulative of each word in each step. After finding a cumulative of each word in each step. Anywhere you see the crowd is less than 0.75 you select those words.
03:26:09 Sunitha Ramu: OK.
03:26:09 Mohamed Noordeen: Anywhere you see the probability is less than 0.75, you select those words. Example here.
03:26:11 Sunitha Ramu: Okay.
03:26:11 Mohamed Noordeen: For example, here. A first word I'm saying it is 50%. Probably second what I'm saying it is 20% probability. So on total both words have a probability of how much 70.
03:26:23 Sunitha Ramu: 70. Seventy.
03:26:24 Mohamed Noordeen: First word, I'm saying it is 50% probability. Second word I'm saying it is 20% probability. So on total, both words have a probability of how much. 70 and third word we are saying it is a probability of 0.15 and cumulative. If I just combine so 0.85. So now 85% of properties if I say how many words do I have where 85% of probabilities it will be operating the next word. There are three words.
03:26:34 Sunitha Ramu: Link.
03:26:44 Mohamed Noordeen: 70. And third word we are saying it is a probability of 0.15 and cumulative if I just combine say 0.85. So now 85% of probabilities if I say how many words do I have where 85% of probabilities it will be. Braiding the next word, but there are three words here in this case, which is king. That's what is topic.
03:26:46 Sunitha Ramu: He was.
03:26:50 Mohamed Noordeen: Predating the next word, but there are three words here in this case, which is skiing 85% penalty. OK, that's what is top P. Top case. Very simple on the numbering.
03:26:53 Sunitha Ramu: Right, right. Correct.
03:26:53 Mohamed Noordeen: Top case very simple on the numbering. Top piece on the produce. That's it.
03:26:56 Sunitha Ramu: Right, right, correct.
03:26:57 Mohamed Noordeen: Top piece on the probabilities - that's it.
03:26:58 Sunitha Ramu: OK.
03:26:59 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, now see the see the flow. So first you do a logic what is a logit?
03:26:59 Sunitha Ramu: Okay.
03:27:05 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, so now see the see the flow. So first you do a logic. What is a logic? What is the logic?
03:27:08 Sunitha Ramu: Your screen is your screen is not being.
03:27:08 Mohamed Noordeen: What is the logit?
03:27:10 Sunitha Ramu: Your screen is your screen is not being.
03:27:15 Sirajuddeen G: Yeah, I think it is flickering. Yeah, I think it is flickering.
03:27:20 Mohamed Noordeen: Now can see. Now can I see?
03:27:21 Sirajuddeen G: Yes, we can.
03:27:22 Muniappan Mohanraj: Yeah.
03:27:23 Sirajuddeen G: Yes, we can.
03:27:24 Mohamed Noordeen: So now see the see the flow. So first you find a logic. So now see the see the flow. So first you find the logic. Yeah. What is Roger? What is Rogit?
03:27:34 Venkatesan prahalanathan: Longer to make longer to make expressions.
03:27:35 Mohamed Noordeen: For the logic. What the logit?
03:27:35 Muniappan Mohanraj: On the output of softmax play the Formula E power.
03:27:38 Venkatesan prahalanathan: Logarithmic, logarithmic expressions. I play the logic means I play the other expression so that you can reduce the value.
03:27:41 Mohamed Noordeen: No.
03:27:41 Muniappan Mohanraj: On the output of softmax, apply the formula E power.
03:27:42 Mohamed Noordeen: No.
03:27:45 Venkatesan prahalanathan: Apply the logic means apply the algorithm expression so that you can now reduce the value.
03:27:46 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. Yeah, log it.
03:27:48 Sunitha Ramu: No, but also.
03:27:48 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, the logit. A logic function guys you should have. We have discussed in logistic regression. A logic function, guys. You, you, you should have we have discussed in logistic regression.
03:27:54 Devi Narayanan: I'm sigmoid. Sigmoid.
03:27:58 Mohamed Noordeen: Man. No, that's after sigmoid. It's not a logic. No, that's not thing what it's not a logit. What is the danger of logic?
03:28:05 Venkatesan prahalanathan: Love to me. Larkme.
03:28:06 Mohamed Noordeen: What is the range of logic?
03:28:08 Venkatesan prahalanathan: Sorry, not come ahead.
03:28:09 Mohamed Noordeen: Water. What's the range of logic?
03:28:10 Venkatesan prahalanathan: Sorry, Noordeen command.
03:28:11 Mohamed Noordeen: What's the range of logit?
03:28:12 Venkatesan prahalanathan: Zero to 1. Zero to one.
03:28:14 Mohamed Noordeen: No. No, that's probably.
03:28:15 Venkatesan prahalanathan: It's funny. Swathi. Property.
03:28:16 Mohamed Noordeen: No, that's probability.
03:28:17 Venkatesan prahalanathan: Probability. I guess what? In a sort.
03:28:23 Mohamed Noordeen: What is? What is logit?
03:28:24 Kannabiran G: Minus minus Infinity to plus Infinity.
03:28:24 Sunitha Ramu: Minus Infinity to best blessing. That's in three big.
03:28:25 Mohamed Noordeen: What is what is project?
03:28:28 Kannabiran G: Minus infinity, minus infinity to plus infinity.
03:28:28 Sunitha Ramu: Minus infinity to less infinity, less infinity.
03:28:28 Mohamed Noordeen: No. No.
03:28:30 Venkatesan prahalanathan: -1 to one guessing so.
03:28:32 Sunitha Ramu: No, no, that's all. I don't like it.
03:28:34 Venkatesan prahalanathan: Minus one to one, it's like guessing so.
03:28:34 Mohamed Noordeen: No.
03:28:36 Sunitha Ramu: No, no, minus infinity, that's a logic.
03:28:36 Mohamed Noordeen: No. Logic ranges from zero to Infinity. No, logic ranges from zero to infinity. Get it? Get it? Send all. Suddenal.
03:28:48 Muniappan Mohanraj: Yeah. Yeah, log of log of something is always positive.
03:28:49 Asha Ponraj: Yes, yes. Yes, yes.
03:28:52 Muniappan Mohanraj: Yeah, log of log of something is always positive.
03:28:52 Mohamed Noordeen: Mm. Uh... Probabilities range 0 to one odds and this from zero to Infinity of the odds and logits minus. OK, that was wrong so.
03:29:05 Muniappan Mohanraj: It's what's up. It's WhatsApp.
03:29:09 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah.
03:29:10 Mohamed Noordeen: Probabilities range zero to 1 odds in this from zero to infinity. OK, odds on logic minus infinity. OK. That was wrong. So. I was wrong, so... So logit is actually the. So, logic is actually the... Linear regression. Law linear regression. Right. The linear. The linear regression right. The linear regression, right? Turn on.
03:29:26 neelsvel1: Wait.
03:29:27 Mohamed Noordeen: MX plus B. MX plus B.
03:29:28 Asha Ponraj: Yes.
03:29:30 Mohamed Noordeen: I. Must be dangerous to do the manual presented, right? MX plus V range is 0 to minus, right?
03:29:35 Manoj PS: Yes.
03:29:35 Mohamed Noordeen: On days.
03:29:35 Asha Ponraj: Yes. Yes.
03:29:38 Mohamed Noordeen: I want to write it but. I want to write it, but... It's not allowing me to write it, but try writing it see it. It's not allowing me to write it. It's not allowing me to write it, but tried writing it. Yeah. So you have this. See it, so you have this X. That is equal to. Z is equal to. MX. MX plus B. MX plus B. Next.
03:29:58 Muniappan Mohanraj: Yeah.
03:29:58 Mohamed Noordeen: SB correct. plus B, correct? Correct. I said no. Yes or no?
03:30:04 Devi Narayanan: Yes, sir.
03:30:04 Mohamed Noordeen: And now we we in order to make this to a properties what we do, we take Xe power, ZED.
03:30:05 Kamalam jayaraman: Yes.
03:30:15 Mohamed Noordeen: And now, we, we, in order to make this to a probabilities, what we do, we take XE power Z.
03:30:17 Muniappan Mohanraj: David and my.
03:30:18 Mohamed Noordeen: No, no, not deposit, sorry. No, no, not deposit, sorry. I would have. I would have this. I love this. Yeah. So we go one by. Yeah, so we'd go one by... One plus. OnePlus. P power. Minus. Minus. Is it? We did this right? Z, we did this right.
03:30:52 neelsvel1: Yeah.
03:30:52 Mohamed Noordeen: I said no.
03:30:53 neelsvel1: Yeah.
03:30:53 Sunitha Ramu: Yes, yes, yes, yes.
03:30:54 Mohamed Noordeen: So this is actually a logistic function where your output is a probabilities.
03:30:54 Sunitha Ramu: Yes, yes, yes, yes.
03:30:58 Mohamed Noordeen: So this is actually a logistic function where your output is a probabilities. Right. And then we also saw that this is a sigmoid function. This can be converted to a softmax function by saying E power zed by. Right, and then we also saw that this is a sigmoid function. This can be converted to a softmax function by saying E power Z by. He was advised. He was at by. Submission of. Submission of. People.
03:31:21 Mohamed Noordeen: Let something like this is right? Uh, that something like this, yes, right? This is authorised function. This is authorised function this sigmoid function. This is function, this is sigmoid function. This off Max function. Is the softmax function? OK, so let's not confuse here, but those who. OK, so let's not confuse here, but those who. I have not attended the machine learning concept. I have not attended the machine learning. I have not attended the machine learning concept. OK, so let let me come with with respect to the deep learning. So you have this final output layer, this is my. OK, so let me come with with respect to the deep learning, so you have this final output layer. There's no output layer. There's no output layer. OK, the final output layer.
03:31:54 Mohamed Noordeen: This is my output layer, OK? The final output layer. Output layer. Output layer. So in our case. So, in our case... I'll put. Output live. So in our case the output what you see is going to be what you're getting some number right, some number, some number, some number. And that number is in range of can be from minus.
03:32:11 neelsvel1: Yeah.
03:32:12 Devi Narayanan: Yes, sir.
03:32:18 Mohamed Noordeen: So, in our case, the output what you see is going to be what you are getting some number, right? Some number, some number, some number, and that number is in range of... Can be from minus Infinity, correct?
03:32:20 neelsvel1: Yes.
03:32:20 Mohamed Noordeen: Can be from minus, correct?
03:32:21 neelsvel1: Yes.
03:32:22 Devi Narayanan: Yes, I am. Yes, I know.
03:32:24 Mohamed Noordeen: AM. Search.
03:32:32 Parthasarathi: Maybe can you try that suggestion mentioned in the chat? Maybe can you try that suggestion mentioned in the chat? I think they mention some tradition. Settings they mention some transition.
03:32:42 Mohamed Noordeen: Chess come again?
03:32:42 Parthasarathi: For. For screen sharing for screen sharing, there was a suggestion mentioned by Ganesh Srikumul and we can try with that. So that would solve it.
03:32:43 Mohamed Noordeen: Chas come again.
03:32:52 Parthasarathi: For screen sharing, for screen sharing, there was a suggestion mentioned by Ganesh Srikumo. We can try with that, that would solve it. For screen sharing there was a settings change suggested baby. For screen sharing, there was a settings change suggested.
03:32:59 Mohamed Noordeen: In teams go settings. In Teams, go settings. Then.
03:33:13 neelsvel1: Screen set shadow section. screen share sharing section. This my question. Yes, my request, I'm being shared.
03:33:28 Mohamed Noordeen: Me share the screen and then do it. Let me share the screen and then do it. Can see my screen.
03:33:32 neelsvel1: Yeah.
03:33:32 Mohamed Noordeen: Can you see my screen?
03:33:33 neelsvel1: Yeah. So settings. Settings.
03:33:41 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, settings general.
03:33:45 neelsvel1: General.
03:33:45 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, settings, general.
03:33:45 neelsvel1: General. And then screen sharing sushi. And then screen sharing session. Yeah, use Mac OS condom share, yeah. Yeah, use map code as content share, yeah.
03:33:57 Mohamed Noordeen: That's it. That's it.
03:33:58 neelsvel1: Well... Yes.
03:34:02 Mohamed Noordeen: OK. Okay. So now let me write.
03:34:04 neelsvel1: Okay.
03:34:05 Mohamed Noordeen: So now let me write. Do you have this final output layer? So you have this final output layer. K and these output layer is going to generate an output in range of minus Infinity to plus Infinity. OK, and this output layer is going to generate an output in range of minus infinity to plus infinity. K and you have some number in this range. OK, and you have some number in this range. And this number needs to be converted to a probabilities.
03:34:29 Akash Balmiki: You can see black screen.
03:34:29 Mohamed Noordeen: And this number needs to be converted to a probabilities.
03:34:30 neelsvel1: Hello.
03:34:31 Akash Balmiki: You can see black screen.
03:34:31 Mohamed Noordeen: Probably right. Come again?
03:34:32 neelsvel1: Yeah.
03:34:34 Mohamed Noordeen: Probably right, come again.
03:34:34 neelsvel1: He could not see the letters. Oh, yeah. Now it is coming.
03:34:36 Parthasarathi: No, it takes some time to.
03:34:37 Akash Balmiki: Yeah, only black screen we can.
03:34:37 neelsvel1: He could not see the letters. Yeah, now it is coming.
03:34:38 Akash Balmiki: Yeah, only black screen we can see.
03:34:39 Parthasarathi: No, it takes some time to collect.
03:34:40 Mohamed Noordeen: Can I see my screen? I'm writing something.
03:34:41 neelsvel1: Yeah, yeah. Now you just know. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Now you just.
03:34:43 Mohamed Noordeen: Can you see my screen? I'm writing something.
03:34:44 neelsvel1: Yeah, yeah, now it is gone, yeah, yeah.
03:34:44 Mohamed Noordeen: So you can see this probabilities. I need to convert this number to a probabilities. How do I convert this probability? I need to use a softmax.
03:34:47 neelsvel1: Mm.
03:34:53 Mohamed Noordeen: Right.
03:34:53 neelsvel1: Right.
03:34:56 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes, off next. Is this softness? And for converting this party, there is a formula for softmax and now we are creating. And for converting this property, there is a formula for softmax, and now we are. Creating a new constraint here while you do a soft match, you also include temperature. Creating a new constraint here while you do a softmax, you also include a temperature. Right.
03:35:16 neelsvel1: Like.
03:35:16 Mohamed Noordeen: You also do that temperature. Now this temperature will do what? You also include a temperature. Now, this temperature will do what? This temple do what? This temple will do what?
03:35:26 Devi Narayanan: It will change the probability value based on the value. It will change the probability.
03:35:26 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes.
03:35:28 Akash Balmiki: You're not able to see him.
03:35:28 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, this will. This will modify the problem. Not able to see.
03:35:29 Devi Narayanan: It will change the probability value based on the value.
03:35:30 Akash Balmiki: No, notable to C.
03:35:32 Devi Narayanan: Support to that.
03:35:33 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, this will this will modify the not able to see, yeah.
03:35:33 neelsvel1: When I able to see. Am I able to see?
03:35:35 Akash Balmiki: That's. That's loose.
03:35:36 Mohamed Noordeen: Well guys, what should I do?
03:35:37 Sunitha Ramu: That's a no no, there's a delay.
03:35:37 Mohamed Noordeen: Well guys, what should I do load it?
03:35:37 neelsvel1: No, no, we didn't listen.
03:35:38 Venkatesan prahalanathan: Oh no.
03:35:39 Mohamed Noordeen: Come on guys, what should I do? Load.
03:35:39 Sunitha Ramu: There's a delay. No, no, there's a delay.
03:35:39 neelsvel1: No, no, Muslim.
03:35:40 Venkatesan prahalanathan: No.
03:35:42 Mohamed Noordeen: Been able to see.
03:35:43 neelsvel1: Yeah.
03:35:43 Mohamed Noordeen: Be able to see.
03:35:44 Manoj PS: Yes, a person is will ready. But now we are able to see.
03:35:45 Devi Narayanan: Yes, I am.
03:35:45 neelsvel1: Yeah.
03:35:46 Devi Narayanan: Yes, I am.
03:35:48 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, so you get a you find, you find the logic, this call logit. OK, this call logit, you have this number and that number needs to be convert to probability using a softmax and for use for using a softmax we have a we have a formula and while doing a softmax you.
03:35:49 Manoj PS: Yes, a person has been here, but now we are able to see.
03:36:09 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, so you get a, you find, you find the logic, this called logic. OK, this called logic. OK, you have this number and that number needs to be converted to probability using a softmax, and for using a softmax, we have a we have a formula. And while doing a software you also include temperature. That's what we put a constraint and after you do a softmax with respectful temperature, the probability is going to be somewhat modified based on the temperature score. What we have selected so far clear so far clear, and now you have a.
03:36:25 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yes, sir.
03:36:28 Mohamed Noordeen: And while doing a softmax, you also include temperature. That's what we put a constraint. And after you do a softmax with respect to temperature, the probability is going to be somewhat modified based on the temperature score what we have selected. Clear? So far clear? The **** it. And now you have a modified probabilities. Now I have another another parameter called top K. And now you have a modified probabilities. Now I have another another parameter called top K. Where I. Where I select the top K.
03:36:41 Mohamed Noordeen: Where I select the top K? Value from this particular. Value from this particular. Ohh. Output words. So let's say there are 10 output words. Output words, so let's say there are 10 output words. It was a top three then. I'm just going to go and select three top. If I say top three, then I'm just going to go and select three top. Probable. Support. OK, that is simple right? Top K simple, right? OK, that is simple, right? Top K is simple, right? Don't know. So, no.
03:37:13 Devi Narayanan: Yes. Yeah. Yes, yeah.
03:37:14 Mohamed Noordeen: So now there's also another thing called top B.
03:37:15 Kamalam jayaraman: Yes.
03:37:15 Mohamed Noordeen: So now there's also another thing called. So now there is also another thing called top P. Top. Top B is what? Top P is what? I say when. I say, when... Select those words where top P is 0.9. If I say this, what will happen? It will just. Select those words where top P is 0.9. If I say this, what will happen? It will just go and find the cumulative properties and from that cumulative properties select those word where community properties is still less than 0.9 and ignore those words where the community probability reaches above 0.9.
03:37:51 neelsvel1: No one's looking going one week.
03:37:52 Mohamed Noordeen: It will just go and find the cumulative probabilities, and from that cumulative probabilities, select those words where cumulative probabilities is still less than 0.9, and ignore those words where the cumulative probability reaches above 0.9. Yeah, it's gone. It's gone.
03:37:54 neelsvel1: No one is again going on like.
03:37:55 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, it's gone, it's gone.
03:37:55 neelsvel1: P.
03:37:56 Mohamed Noordeen: Start working. Start working.
03:38:01 Sunitha Ramu: So the from the the top K will not be sorted by properties and then community will be taken right? It is just in the same order as we have. We'll just take the commutative property, isn't it?
03:38:16 Mohamed Noordeen: Cumulative properties.
03:38:16 Sunitha Ramu: So from the top K will not be sorted by probabilities and then cumulative will be taken. All right. It is just in the same order as we have. We'll just take the cumulative property, isn't it?
03:38:17 Mohamed Noordeen: Cumulative probabilities.
03:38:17 Sunitha Ramu: Not after sorting. By their I mean we have the top K right in this from the top K we are not going to do any sorting, we are just going to take the commutative property.
03:38:27 Mohamed Noordeen: No top gate, no top key. After sorting only we can find the top key, right? No top gate, no.
03:38:30 Sunitha Ramu: Not after sorting by there, I mean we have the top K right in this from the top K, we are not going to do any sorting. We are just going to take the cumulative probability.
03:38:33 Mohamed Noordeen: No, top K. No, top K. After sorting only, we can find the top K. Right. After sorting only you. After sorting only you can find a top key, right? After sorting only, you can find a top K, right? How will you find top K? You need to start right sort. Then you said rank one, rank two, rank three, top three. That's what you can say top.
03:38:40 Sunitha Ramu: OK. Okay. Top three. And then we take the overall divide by and do this right to probability.
03:38:48 Mohamed Noordeen: How will you find top K? You need to sort right? Sort, then you say rank one, rank two, rank three, top three. That's what you can say top. Then you change the probabilities. Yeah, correct. Yeah. Change the probability and then you can update and then you.
03:38:52 Sunitha Ramu: Top 3 and then we take the overall divide by and do this right to probability.
03:38:52 Mohamed Noordeen: Then you change the probabilities, yeah.
03:38:53 Sunitha Ramu: Change the. Change the change the probability, yeah. Change the, change the probability, yeah. And then we are not going to do one more sorting, right? And then we are not going to do one more sorting, right?
03:38:58 Mohamed Noordeen: Then you change the probabilities, yeah, get it, yeah, then the probability, and then you can update. And then you if you then yeah, don't you don't want to start already to sort it.
03:39:03 Sunitha Ramu: OK.
03:39:03 Mohamed Noordeen: And then you, if you, then yeah, you don't have to, you don't have to sort, I'll let you just sort it.
03:39:04 Sunitha Ramu: Okay.
03:39:04 Mohamed Noordeen: Already sorted. Already sorted and then if you say topi then you just find that cumulative probability and find those word where cumulative probability is less than that number. You said that that is stop P OK.
03:39:17 Sunitha Ramu: Okay.
03:39:17 Mohamed Noordeen: Already sorted, and then if you say top P, then you just find the cumulative probability and find those word where cumulative probability is less than that number, you select that, that is top P. OK, so now still now. Still you have never asked me how come random is working here. Randomness still. How come it is working? Because when I say top K or top P or anything still the world which is having the highest probability is going to be the highest chance of predicting the next word right?
03:39:18 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Oh.
03:39:31 Pon Ezhil: Daughter. No, this.
03:39:38 Mohamed Noordeen: Okay, so now still, now still, you have never asked me how come random is working here. Randomness, still how come it is working? Because when I say top K or top P or anything, still the word which is having the highest probability is going to be the highest chance of predicting the next word, right?
03:39:39 Pon Ezhil: I'm sorry to interrupt. I'm sorry to interrupt that. We can see I can see the black screen.
03:39:40 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, unless.
03:39:43 Pon Ezhil: So sorry to interrupt, we can see, I can see on the black screen.
03:39:43 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, I'm in a black thing. I was writing something and it gone. Yeah, I'm in a black thing. I was writing something. Yeah, I'm in a black thing. I was writing something and it gone.
03:39:48 neelsvel1: Which?
03:39:48 Mohamed Noordeen: Sorry. Sorry. So see her. What I'm trying to say here is. So, C, what I'm trying to say here is... So. You have a temperature temperature.
03:40:06 neelsvel1: Logics. Logics.
03:40:09 Mohamed Noordeen: You have a temperature, temperature. You have a temperature. You have a temperature temperature. You have a temperature, temperature. If T is equal to 0. If T is equal to 0. B is equal to 1 is equal to less than 0. P is equal to 1, P is equal to less than 0. Three different options are there. Three different options are there. Let's say for example, in our case, if T is equal to 0, then we say what? What do we say? Three different options are there. Let's say, for example, in our case, if T is equal to 0, then we say...
03:40:31 Mohamed Noordeen: What? What do we say? What, what do we say? The output. The output will be.
03:40:33 Devi Narayanan: The output remains the same.
03:40:33 Mohamed Noordeen: Your output will be.
03:40:35 Devi Narayanan: The output remains the same.
03:40:35 Muniappan Mohanraj: Same always.
03:40:35 Mohamed Noordeen: I see you guys see.
03:40:36 Muniappan Mohanraj: Same always.
03:40:37 Mohamed Noordeen: I see you nice. I see. Always. Always. And if T is equal to 1, what do we say? And if T is equal to 1, what do we say? Output. Output. Will be. Support. What?
03:40:55 Sunitha Ramu: Random.
03:40:56 Muniappan Mohanraj: Same as the probabilities.
03:40:56 Sunitha Ramu: Random.
03:40:56 Mohamed Noordeen: What random? What random?
03:40:57 Asha Ponraj: Random. Completely random.
03:40:58 Muniappan Mohanraj: Same as the probabilities.
03:40:58 Mohamed Noordeen: No.
03:40:58 Jeganathan K: Stand up. Stand up.
03:40:59 Asha Ponraj: Random, completely random.
03:40:59 Mohamed Noordeen: Random randomness will be fill out less we.
03:41:00 Jeganathan K: NW.
03:41:03 Mohamed Noordeen: Random randomness will be fail or greater than less greater than one. OK, you can just say like this please. Alright, are we can just say like this, please? Greater than. Greater than. Look. A random. Randomness will be wait. OK, I'll just clear now top. OK, randomness query. OK, now just clear now, top. Ki, say what? Ki say what it is. If it is top K select. K, I say what it is if it is top K, select.
03:41:24 Sunitha Ramu: Okay.
03:41:27 Mohamed Noordeen: Top. Top K. Probably. Probable word.
03:41:33 Sunitha Ramu: And become less. And become less.
03:41:35 Mohamed Noordeen: Okay.
03:41:36 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: OK, screen.
03:41:39 Mohamed Noordeen: God fed up with this. I got fed up with this. OK. OK, so the top key. If set a top K. Probable. Works. And if it is, stop. And if it is top T. Copy means what select? Of P means what? Select.
03:42:02 Sunitha Ramu: Select. Words.
03:42:04 Asha Ponraj: Cool little English.
03:42:04 Mohamed Noordeen: Select.
03:42:05 Devi Narayanan: Select little.
03:42:05 Muniappan Mohanraj: To make a probability.
03:42:05 Mohamed Noordeen: Select.
03:42:06 Asha Ponraj: Cumulate to.
03:42:06 Sunitha Ramu: Select little complete property until the till the value.
03:42:06 Muniappan Mohanraj: probability.
03:42:06 Devi Narayanan: Words with cumulative probability greater than or equal to the one.
03:42:09 Minumithra: Cumulative probably.
03:42:09 Devi Narayanan: Words with cumulative probability greater than or equal to 1.
03:42:10 Minumithra: Simulative probability.
03:42:10 Sunitha Ramu: Select cumulative cumulative property until the till the value.
03:42:15 Mohamed Noordeen: Less than P here. Less than P here. Yeah, this is what we have seen so far, so. Yeah, this is what we have seen. Okay, this is what we have seen so far. So this one is clear. So this one is clear. But now my. But now my question is. But now my question is... How? Is this still? Is this still? Random in nature. Random miniature. Because. Even though you said, say, top K. Even though you said say top K.
03:42:55 Mohamed Noordeen: The highest word probability will be the same, right? The highest word probability will be the same, right? Even though you say community probability worthless than P, the highest probability word remains same. So right same right. Even though you say community probability word of less than P, the highest probability word remains same, right? Same, right? You getting my point. You getting my point?
03:43:10 Kannabiran G: Yes.
03:43:10 Mohamed Noordeen: Getting my point.
03:43:11 Sunitha Ramu: No, but but when you renormalize.
03:43:11 Mohamed Noordeen: You getting my point?
03:43:11 Sunitha Ramu: No, but but.
03:43:12 Sriram Subramanian: No, but we are playing on output of temperature, right?
03:43:13 Sunitha Ramu: No, but when you renormalize. You know like. In online.
03:43:16 Sriram Subramanian: No, but we are applying on output of temperature, right?
03:43:16 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. Yeah. Even though you are doing temperature, your output of your probability remains same for the top probability right here. In this particular example, here we come back. Yeah. So you say EA is equal to 0.5, right? Yeah, even though if you are doing temperature, your output of your probability remains same for the top probability right here in this particular examples here, come back, yeah, so you say a is equal to 0.5. Right. Yes or no.
03:43:35 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes or no? Even if you take K equal to three, it becomes 0.59.
03:43:37 Sriram Subramanian: Yeah.
03:43:37 Kannabiran G: Yes.
03:43:37 Sriram Subramanian: Yeah.
03:43:40 Mohamed Noordeen: Even if you take K equal to three, it becomes 0.59. Even if you do copy, it remains A5 point 0.0 point this is this remains the highest probably world, or if it is for the temperature, the mad probability is 0.7 even though you make temperature 0.5 it becomes 0.91 which is of highest probably even the temperature 2 it becomes 0.4 is still the highest probability, right?
03:44:04 Mohamed Noordeen: Even if you do top P, it remains a 5.00. This is this remains the highest probability word, or if it respect to temperature, the mat probability is 0.7. Even though you make temperature 0.5, it becomes 0.91, which is of highest probability. Even the temperature is 2, it becomes 0.4, which is still the highest probability. Right. Eight.
03:44:07 Kannabiran G: Correct, yeah.
03:44:07 Mohamed Noordeen: Now. Now my question is how randomness still prevail here?
03:44:08 Sriram Subramanian: Yeah.
03:44:11 Mohamed Noordeen: Now, my question is how randomness still prevail here. Randomness is happening here. Randomness is happening here.
03:44:19 Sunitha Ramu: So you're from P do we take random numbers and random words or tokens?
03:44:19 Mohamed Noordeen: Question. Question, right. Question, right?
03:44:25 Sunitha Ramu: So, from P, do we take random numbers, random words or tokens?
03:44:26 Mohamed Noordeen: Mm. Yeah, that's. Yeah, that's the question. Yeah, that's the question. Did you got my question? First of all, you should. Did you got my question? First of all, you should understand the question. Then only you can answer or you can.
03:44:34 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah, I got that.
03:44:35 Parthasarathi: Yes.
03:44:35 Mohamed Noordeen: Did you got my question? First of all, you should understand the question, then only you can answer or you can. So we are saying that, yeah, the GPT or LLM is generating a random words when you ask the same question again and again. But when you when you see the calculation or math behind it, the probability of word which is of top K top bots probably is always same even though you change the temperature even though you do a top K top we always there is a same number same.
03:44:38 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah, I, I get, I got that.
03:45:01 Mohamed Noordeen: So we are saying that the GPT or LLM is generating random words when you ask the same question again and again. But when we see the calculation or math behind it, the probability of words, which is of top K, top bots, probability is always same. Even though you change the temperature, even though you do a top K, top. We always there is the same number, same probability the the the top words probably remain same but it changes but it it remains same. So how come randomness is happening here? That's what my question is. We always there is a same number, same probability, the top words probability remains same, but it changes, but it remains same. So how come randomness is happening here? That's what my question is.
03:45:18 Asha Ponraj: Based on picking the words like.
03:45:21 Mohamed Noordeen: This is very important thing to understand guys.
03:45:22 Asha Ponraj: Based on picking the words, like...
03:45:23 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah.
03:45:23 Mohamed Noordeen: This is very important thing to understand guys, very, very important thing. Understand. Yeah.
03:45:25 neelsvel1: So. So, so so the the logics can change right more because that one is going to be a different.
03:45:26 Mohamed Noordeen: This is a very important thing to understand, guys. Very, very important thing to understand. Yeah. Yeah, it can change. It can change, but still the mat remains the highest priority, right?
03:45:32 neelsvel1: So, so the logic can change right now, because that one is going to be a different.
03:45:37 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, it can change. It can change, but still the mat remains the highest priority, right?
03:45:37 neelsvel1: That that, that will be choosing randomly write some function I have saw in the yesterday's class also the touch without some function I don't remember but the large it's large it's say for example if you choose a different word so then it will be completely different logics. Now than the whatever you are applying and then it will the second one also.
03:45:44 Mohamed Noordeen: Mm mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm.
03:45:59 neelsvel1: That will be choosing randomly, right? Some function I have saw in the yesterday's class also, the torch dot some function, I don't remember, but the logics, say for example, if it chooses a different word, so then it will be completely different logics now, then the whatever you are applying. And then you do it. The second one also has a chance of selection, so I I think some randomness maybe won't, I don't.
03:46:01 Mohamed Noordeen: Hmm. OK. Yeah. Yeah. Good that you have seen the note, the code and connecting the dot. Yeah, you're almost there.
03:46:05 neelsvel1: And then it will, the second one also has a chance of selection. So I think some randomness may be wrong. I. I don't know. Right, I don't know.
03:46:13 Mohamed Noordeen: Okay, yeah, yeah, good that you have seen the node, the code and connecting the dot. Yeah, you're almost there. So. So I did also told so you see this next class about this temperature, all this concept so good that you.
03:46:20 neelsvel1: When I have that open it is it is multinomial.
03:46:22 Mohamed Noordeen: So I did also told, so you'll see this next class about this temperature, all this concept. So good that you.
03:46:23 neelsvel1: Okay, I have that open, it is it is multinomial.
03:46:24 Mohamed Noordeen: No, no, no. Don't need to. Don't need to go too much on mathematics around here. The answer is very simple. OK, so see it I'm saying here. Where is it? Yeah, I'm saying here. They're coming here. Well, let's say I have a word called say.
03:46:28 neelsvel1: OK. Okay. Okay.
03:46:44 Mohamed Noordeen: Hmm, no, no, no, no need to, no need to go too much on mathematics around here. The answer is very simple. OK, so see it. I'm seeing here, where is it? Yeah, I'm seeing it. Let's say I have a word called... To eat. To. ABCDE. OK, it can be till let's say can be till 10,000 words. 1000 words will be there, right? So each word has a probability 0.50 point. A, B, C, D, E. Okay, it can be till, let's say, can be till 10,000 words, 1000 words will be there, right? So each word has a probability, 0.5. 0.230.10.0 40 point. 10.040.06, thank you. 10. You're fine. Little point, little.
03:47:21 Mohamed Noordeen: Fixed. OK, so this is the properties of the words. What you have got. So you you you can have till 10,000 probabilities OK that case let me just say 0.05 here. Six. OK, so this is the probabilities of the words what you have got, so you you can have till 10,000 probabilities. OK, so in that case, let me just say 0.05 here. Can see. But. Can see words 0090100. Can see words 001 00. Oh so. Oh, so numbers. OK, so now if you have these number of words which is probabilities. Also, numbers. OK, so now if you have these number of words, which is probabilities. After I do a temperature. After I do a temperature. Play temperature.
03:47:57 Mohamed Noordeen: Play temperature t = 0 or one or -1, so this number is going to change something. It's going to update something after I update something. I say top K let's let's start. Let's start with top K top Ki, say top K is equal to top K equal to three. OK. Now in that case, what will happen? I'm going to select this 3 words.
03:48:18 Mohamed Noordeen: Play temperature time T equal to 0 or one or minus one; so this number is going to change something, going to update something. After I update something, I say, "Top K. Let's start with top K. Top K. I say top K is equal to top K equal to three." OK, now in that case, what will happen? I'm going to select these 3 words. I'm going to select these three words. 0.50.10.3 select the three and I'm going to modify this probabilities, right? Normalise this so that this might become 0.60 point 3 and 0 point for example. OK, let's let's keep this as a test. So now this will become like this. Correct, 0.60.30.1? Yes or no? Come on.
03:48:41 Mohamed Noordeen: Right, 0.5, 0.1, 0.3, select this three, and I'm going to modify this properties, right? Normalise this so that this might become 0.6, 0.3 and 0.5 example. OK, let's keep this as it is. So now this will become like this, correct? 0.6, 0.3, 0.1. Yes or no? One guys, are you listening me?
03:48:43 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yeah.
03:48:43 Mohamed Noordeen: Come on guys, are you listening me?
03:48:44 Manoj PS: Yeah. Yes. Yes.
03:48:44 Muniappan Mohanraj: Yes. No.
03:48:44 Devi Narayanan: Yes, sir, yeah.
03:48:45 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: It's not. Absolutely.
03:48:46 Mohamed Noordeen: Now in this case, if I say if I see the output output will be what?
03:48:46 Muniappan Mohanraj: Yes, no.
03:48:51 Mohamed Noordeen: Now, in this case, if I say, if I see the output, output will be what? Next word prediction output is what? Next word, prediction, output, what?
03:48:55 Devi Narayanan: First word 0.6.
03:48:56 Sriram Subramanian: Oh. 0.6. 0.6.
03:48:57 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, yeah. Let me output word right. This is the output token because this is the highest already I've got. But if I keep on doing this way again, the output will remain the remains same as always, right?
03:48:57 Muniappan Mohanraj: Yes.
03:48:58 Devi Narayanan: First word: 0.6.
03:48:58 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. Yeah, let me.
03:49:00 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah.
03:49:11 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, yeah, this is my output, right? This is the output token because this is the highest probability I've got, but if I keep on doing this way again, the output will remain the remains same as. Always right. Always right.
03:49:11 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yes, Sir.
03:49:14 Sunitha Ramu: Right.
03:49:14 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes or no, there is no randomness here. Still it is same. So for making my output to be random for making me output to be creative for making my output to be generative, there is one more small step we do here that's called randomly.
03:49:14 Manoj PS: Yes, yes.
03:49:16 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah.
03:49:16 Devi Narayanan: Yes.
03:49:16 Manoj PS: Yes, yes.
03:49:31 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes or no? There is no randomness here. Still it is same. So for making my output to be random, for making my output to be creative, for making my output to be generative, there is one more small step we do here. That's called. Randomly. Randomly. Selecting that. Selecting that. Result. From. From this 3 words. From these three words. This is the magic around the generative output. What we are getting. There's a magic around the creativity. What we are getting from the output.
03:49:49 Sunitha Ramu: But. Do we do in top K or top B?
03:49:52 Mohamed Noordeen: This is the magic around the generative output what we are getting. This is the magic around the creativity what we are getting from the output.
03:49:53 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Oh, while you are choosing because.
03:49:54 Sunitha Ramu: Do we do in top K or top P?
03:49:55 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Ohh, why are you choosing?
03:49:59 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. Yeah. Come again. Yeah, yeah, come again.
03:49:59 Sunitha Ramu: Microsoft. Microsoft Max this randomly everything.
03:50:02 Mohamed Noordeen: After soft Max after top key, top key, top key, so we do a final output is going to be a random selection.
03:50:02 Sunitha Ramu: So, after softmax, this randomly happens. Okay. Because, yeah, one word is sharing the whole sequence of kids.
03:50:09 Mohamed Noordeen: After softmax, after top K, top K, top P, so we do a final output is going to be a random selection. Exactly. Exactly. OK, so now the now my output can be A or BRC. That's what.
03:50:12 Sunitha Ramu: Because one word is changing, the whole sequence will change. Alright, thank you. Thank you. Or thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Right, thank you, thank you.
03:50:21 Mohamed Noordeen: Exactly, exactly. OK, so now the now my output can be A or B or C. That's what this final step is doing.
03:50:22 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: So if you did see, so if you see it will be less accurate, right? Those four because the problem is that.
03:50:24 Mohamed Noordeen: That's what this final step is doing. Yeah, that's that. Yeah, that is better. Top key. You said it. So how much? What is the top key you select that that will be that's also important thing you should consider. You should make a top K to be of relevant number relevant K so that you get a right assert. So if you are taking K.
03:50:31 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: So, if it is C, so if it is C, it will be less accurate, right? So, because the problem.
03:50:46 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, that's that. Yeah, that is based on top K you select. So how much, what is the top K you select? That will be, that's also important thing you should consider. We should make a top K to be of relevant number, relevant K, so that you get a right result.
03:50:46 Mohamed Noordeen: So if you're taking K is equal to 100, then you're selecting top 100. And what if your output is selecting hundredth word? So if you are taking K is equal to 100, then you are selecting top 100. And what if your output is selecting 100th word?
03:50:56 Manoj PS: Again screen.
03:50:57 Mohamed Noordeen: Right, yeah.
03:50:57 Manoj PS: Again, screen.
03:50:58 Mohamed Noordeen: Right, yeah.
03:51:01 Sunitha Ramu: Then what is the point of top B then it is not required already. Then what is the point of top P? Then it is not required early.
03:51:05 Mohamed Noordeen: Top beer today. No, no, no, talk yesterday. I'll be also there. Yeah, a topi also there. So like how I select based on the ordering, I can also select based on the probabilities. So instead of probabilities, top key top key also like how I select based on the numbering. Can I set based on the probability like somebody.
03:51:29 Mohamed Noordeen: Top P also there. Yeah, the top P also there. So like how I select based on the ordering, I can also select based on the probabilities. So instead of probabilities also, top P or top K also, like how I select based on the numbering. Can I start with another? Probably like somebody else, right question very right question. 0.1 is kind of it's very small portion, right? What if this particular word is selected, C is selected then you say we are saying that. Can I start with another? Probably like somebody else, right question very right question. Can I set it based on the probability like somebody asked right question, very right question. 0.1 is kind of, it's very small portion, right? What if this particular word is selected, C is selected, then you say.
03:51:42 Mohamed Noordeen: You're saying that she is having the probability only 0.1, but still we have selected it, correct? We are saying that C is having the probability only 0.1, but still we have selected it, correct? Is that not?
03:51:50 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yeah. Yes, sir, yeah.
03:51:53 Mohamed Noordeen: Which is something we we it it feels like we are answer is not safe but. Which is something we we it feels like we are answer is not safe. But top B, we are very safe. But top P, we are very safe. Because we are not going to find the top fee, we are going to find using the properties of. Let's say I'm I'm going to select only the probability of word which is less than 0.0 point 5 that's it is 0.0 point 9. That's all. Because we are not going to find the top P, we are going to find using the probabilities of, let's say, I'm going to select only the probability of word which is less than 0.5, that's it.
03:52:21 Mohamed Noordeen: 0.9, that's all. I'm not going to consider those probability word, which is less than 0.9. So now in that case my output will be either a or C or B not not C because C is 0.9. 0.9, that's all. I'm not going to consider those probability word which is less than 0.9. So now in that case, my output will be either A or C, or B, not C. Because C 0.90.1. So I'm very much concerned about. So let's say let's say I can also say 0.5. Because C is 0.9, 0.1, so I'm very much concerned about, so let's say, let's say I can also say 0.5. So 0.50 point 6 something here. So in that case only a will be selected.
03:52:49 Mohamed Noordeen: So, 0.5, 0.6 something here. So in that case, only A will be selected. Right. So top is more safer. Right, so top is more safer. Puppies. More meaningful topies. Top is more meaningful. Top is. We are giving. We are giving. The. The output token to be selected only under the properties. What we are concerned about, OK. the output token to be selected only under the probabilities what we are concerned about. K. We we, we, I will, I will have more. I have more example for you to understand this top K top be with temperature with another Excel sheet. For now I just want to give you a heads up. You are clear with this topic so far.
03:53:24 neelsvel1: Ohh.
03:53:25 Sriram Subramanian: So we cannot play either top K or P, is that correct? Note, we can't apply.
03:53:26 Sunitha Ramu: Is it?
03:53:26 Mohamed Noordeen: I will, I will have more, I have more example for you to understand this top K, top P with temperature with another Excel sheet. For now, I just want to give me a heads up if you are clear with this topic so far. You cannot play both. Also, you cannot play both also. You can apply both also. You can apply both also.
03:53:33 Sriram Subramanian: So, we can apply either top K or P as the correct node. We can't.
03:53:34 Mohamed Noordeen: OK so.
03:53:35 Devi Narayanan: But since. Since these are hyperparameters, value said bias, do we have any standard or default value that is followed across or how do we determine these values?
03:53:35 neelsvel1: It.
03:53:36 Mohamed Noordeen: Okay, so... Mm. Yeah, there's something.
03:53:47 Devi Narayanan: Since these are hyper parameters, value set by us, do we have any standard or default value that is followed across, or how do we determine this value, sir?
03:53:47 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, there's something an experiment you want to say. What is right? That is a but, but it it depends. For example, let's say on the. Now, there's something an experiment you want to say what is right, but it depends. For example, let's say... On the use case, it will matter. Let me give try to give an example. On the use case, it will matter. Let me try to give an example. Let's say you are building a chatbot or you are building a assistant customer support assistant for healthcare department. Let's say you are building a chatbot or you are building a code assistant, a customer support assistant for a healthcare department. For health care department, you don't want to be creative, but you want to be accurate.
03:54:23 Mohamed Noordeen: For healthcare department, you don't want to be creative, but you want to be accurate. Correct. Correct. In that case you always choose temperature to be of 0.
03:54:26 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yeah.
03:54:34 Mohamed Noordeen: Now, in that case, you always choose temperature to be of 0. Right. I don't want. I don't want you to create you come and come. Come with a creative answer. I don't care about it. I want it to be very much accurate. What? Whatever you see, that's what you want to come up with that case. They always say top K temperature to be zero and top key and top key should be of very small number of input you make and from that you do a probability. So I here in. Right. I don't want. I don't want you to.
03:54:34 Devi Narayanan: Market.
03:54:54 Mohamed Noordeen: Right, I don't want I don't want you to come and come come with a creative answer. I don't care about it. I want it to be very much accurate. Whatever you see, that's what you want to come up with. In that case, they always say top K, temperature to be 0 and top K and top feature we have very small number of input you make. And from that you will do a property. So I here in the top K you will not go top K more than 10 or. And from that you will do a probability. So I here in the top K, you will not go top K more than.
03:54:58 Mohamed Noordeen: 10 or 15. So let's say top key might be 5 and probably top B maybe zero point 80.9 something. Sorry 0.5 something like that, right? And if you are working on creating a chat bot or or or bot assistant.
03:55:20 Mohamed Noordeen: Ten or 15, so let's say top K might be 5 and probability top P may be 0.8, 0.9, something sorry, 0.5, something like that, right? And if you are working on creating a chat bot or bot assistant. Um... For something like when I say something like e-commerce, something like sports related website. for something like, when I say something like e-commerce, something like sports related. Website. Oh, in that case you can be more creative. You can be more creative, you can be more humorous, you can be more. We can also make some mistake nobody cares about. So based on the use cases this, this, this temperature, top B, top K you can adjust. OK.
03:55:36 Devi Narayanan: Got it. Got it. Understood. Understood. Maritza, thanks.
03:55:52 Mohamed Noordeen: website. In that case, you can be more creative. You can be more creative, you can be more humorous, you can be more, you can also make some mistake nobody cares about. So based on the use cases, this temperature, top P, top K, you can adjust. K.
03:55:53 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Why? Why? Why? Why? You're choosing toppy. You will always land up with the same top result, right?
03:55:53 Devi Narayanan: No, sir. Thanks.
03:56:00 Mohamed Noordeen: Your top be can be not only one, right? So you are taking cumulative probability, right?
03:56:00 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Why, while you're choosing top P, you will always land up with the same top result, right?
03:56:05 Mohamed Noordeen: So top P can be not only one, right? So you are taking cumulative probability, right? Cumulative word.
03:56:06 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: You how you are going to find randomness in topi.
03:56:07 Mohamed Noordeen: They take cumulative word. Same thing, right? Let's say if I'm. If I'm making top P is equal to 0.9 in this case. Now in that case you select A&B right? A or B can also be a.
03:56:10 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: You how we are going to find randomness in top P.
03:56:21 Mohamed Noordeen: Same thing, right? So let's say if I'm if I'm making top P is equal to 0.9 in this case, now in that case you select A&B, right? A or B. And also be A or B because. Can also be A or B, because... Copy of 0.9 will select A&B. Top P of 0.9 will select A&B. Thank you. I think you're not got the point of what is top B. I think you have not got the point of what is top P.
03:56:36 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Yes. No. Yes, no.
03:56:40 Mohamed Noordeen: The top.
03:56:40 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: So.
03:56:40 Mohamed Noordeen: The top is simply. So let's say you have a probability of 0.30.20.10.0050.005. How much? 123567. The top is simply, so let's say you have a probability of 0.3, 0.2, 0.1, 0.005, 0.005. How much 1235? 6/7. Six, 7. Looks.
03:58:11 Mohamed Noordeen: Hey dude. Hey, dude. I want it. OK, so let's say this is a sum of all the probabilities. So you you get a sum of 1, right? Can you see the screen? OK, so let's say this is the sum of all the probabilities, so you get a sum of 1, right? I see the screen. Can you see the screen?
03:58:28 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Listen. Yes, ma'am.
03:58:29 Mohamed Noordeen: Can be this can be be like this? This can be A, this can be B, right, like this. Hey, this are?
03:59:09 Mohamed Noordeen: Words and just being OK. Some words and just OK. OK, so now there are words here. OK, these are unique words. And for each unique words you get a probabilities like this. You'll get right. OK, so now there are words here. OK, these are unique words, and for each unique words you get a probabilities like this, you'll get right. Is that? Is that no, but now in this case, let's say this is my produce after top after applying a temperature you get this probabilities. And now if I say top top K is equal to five, what will happen? I say not.
03:59:25 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Yeah. Yeah. Yes.
03:59:40 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes or no? So now in this case, let's say this is my probabilities after top. After applying a temperature, you get this probabilities. And now if I say top top K is equal to. What will happen? I say not 5, let's say three. What will happen? This will select it, right? Five, what will happen? I say not five. Let's say three. What will happen? This will select it, right?
03:59:46 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: You are only three. Yeah, only three.
03:59:48 Mohamed Noordeen: Select select this you select this one, this one this one. OK, you just set-top three, so only three.
03:59:52 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Last year's beautiful. Last year's.
03:59:56 Sriram Subramanian: I lost your screen now. Lost your screen more.
03:59:58 Mohamed Noordeen: Select, select this, you select this one, this one, this one. OK, you just select top three, so only three. So these three things, is that right? Top 0.30.20.1, OK, this three you select. OK, maybe this one. So let's not select this one. Let's select this one, OK.
04:00:11 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Yeah.
04:00:18 Mohamed Noordeen: So these three things you select, right? Top 0.3, 0.2, 0.1. OK, these three you select. Maybe this one. So let's not select this one. Let's select this one.
04:00:18 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Ah.
04:00:18 Mohamed Noordeen: Okay.
04:00:20 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Can you share the?
04:00:20 Ramesh Kandasamy: Oh no, it's not expensive.
04:00:20 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah.
04:00:21 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Can you share that?
04:00:21 Ramesh Kandasamy: No, no, it's not the explaining.
04:00:30 Mohamed Noordeen: Can you? Can you see this now? Can you can you see this now?
04:00:32 Ramesh Kandasamy: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah.
04:00:33 Mohamed Noordeen: So you said at top if I say K equal to three, you said 1-2 and three this one.
04:00:34 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Yes. No. Yes, no. Mhm.
04:00:39 Mohamed Noordeen: So you select top, if I say K equal to three, you select one, two, and three, this one. Out of output might be a or. Out of output might be a or. BR. He correct. G correct.
04:00:51 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: But anyway here it will be sorted right? And it will come to the top right?
04:00:56 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, it's already got it.
04:00:56 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: But anyway, here it will be sorted, right? And it will come to the top, right?
04:00:57 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, it is already correct.
04:00:57 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: And.
04:00:58 Mohamed Noordeen: AABRG right. Yeah, ABRG right. Yes or no, this is clear right? Top cable similarly top.
04:01:02 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Yeah. Yeah. Ohh, yes.
04:01:08 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes or no? This is clear, right? Top K. Now, similarly, if top... E, if... It's a top B. XA top B. And I said zero point 0.5. And I say 0.0.5. Now in this case this will get selected.
04:01:21 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: It is.
04:01:23 Mohamed Noordeen: So now, in this case, this will get selected. This will. This will get selected. This will get selected right. This will get selected, right?
04:01:28 Ramesh Kandasamy: That's. That's it only. That's it, only two.
04:01:32 Mohamed Noordeen: Little. Yeah, correct. So only two then output will be either A or B.
04:01:33 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Yeah.
04:01:40 Mohamed Noordeen: Only two, yeah, correct, so only two, then output will be either A or B. Correct. Agree.
04:01:43 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: OK.
04:01:44 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes or no. So this is how it will work. OK. This is based on temperature after temperature after.
04:01:44 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Okay.
04:01:52 Mohamed Noordeen: So, no, so this is how it will work. OK, this is based on temperature after temperature after. Temperature. OK, this will modify the properties and then you find the top K and from randomly select the output top T also that's output randomly based on the top key what you have selected. So now if you're clear I will go in depth. Is it clear?
04:02:13 Mohamed Noordeen: Temperature. OK, this will modify the properties and then you find the top K and from randomly select the output top T also selects output randomly based on the top T what you have selected. So now if you are clear. I will go in depth. Is it clear? I will go in depth. Is it clear?
04:02:15 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am.
04:02:16 Mohamed Noordeen: So now let me try to explain things and then. So now let me try to explain things, and then... Can you see my screen? Can you see my screen?
04:02:27 Asha Ponraj: Yes.
04:02:28 Ramesh Kandasamy: I am.
04:02:28 Asha Ponraj: Yes.
04:02:30 Jeganathan K: Yeah, yes.
04:02:30 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Yes.
04:02:31 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. So yeah, again an example for you to understand, let's say this mat, chair, floor, sofa. So you have a question you have asked to the LLM. So yeah, again, an example for you to understand. Let's say this mat, chair, floor, so far. So you have a question, ask to the LLM. And you need to predict the next token, so that's that's what. And you need to predict the next token. So that's what. Generative. Generative generative model is doing. A generative generative model is doing. An internally, it predicts the. It finds the each words score that is the largest score here. So for mad it got around 4.0 chair 3.0 four 2.5. So far 2.0 Table 1.5 S so after this step what we will do, we need to find a.
04:03:18 Mohamed Noordeen: And internally it predicts the, it finds the each words score. That is the largest score yet. So for Matt, it got around 4.0 chair, 3.0 floor, 2.5, so far 2.0, table 1.5. So after this step, what we will do. Need to find a softmax. Need to find a softmax, correct. Need to find a softmax, correct?
04:03:21 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yes, Sir.
04:03:22 Mohamed Noordeen: Then I want to find the probabilities. What is the followers? What is the formula for softmax? So, no, we want to find the probabilities. What is the formula? What is the formula for softmax?
04:03:28 Devi Narayanan: Keep a result by summation of people. Keep a result by summation of people.
04:03:31 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, it. Yeah, it's basically 4 divided by summation of every #3. Yeah, it's basically 4 divided by summation of every number. Three. Agree. Agree. One day it's the sun.
04:03:42 Sriram Subramanian: Yes. Yeah.
04:03:43 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Yes.
04:03:43 Mohamed Noordeen: Go on.
04:03:44 Sriram Subramanian: Yes, yeah.
04:03:44 Sunitha Ramu: Everything.
04:03:45 neelsvel1: Yes.
04:03:46 Mohamed Noordeen: That's the logic function. That's. That's what a softmax is all about. Basically what it will do is you'll do. That's a logic function. That's what a softmax is all about. So basically what you will do is you'll do. Or divided by.
04:03:56 neelsvel1: Bye.
04:03:57 Mohamed Noordeen: Four divided by...
04:03:57 neelsvel1: 4 + 3 + 2.5. Four plus 3 + 2.5.
04:04:00 Mohamed Noordeen: But plus. 3 plus. Three plus. 2.5 + 2 + 1.5. So basically you get some score. 2.5 + 2 + 1 point right, so basically you get some score.
04:04:14 neelsvel1: Again come. Again, gone.
04:04:26 Mohamed Noordeen: So basically you get a score around 0.30 something. This is what a softmax. What we have seen. But now we are adding one more extra parameter call temperature, correct, yes.
04:04:38 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yes, Sir. Yeah.
04:04:40 Mohamed Noordeen: So, basically, you get a score around 0.30 something. OK, this is what a softmax what we have seen, but now we are adding one more extra parameter called temperature, correct?
04:04:40 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir.
04:04:40 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes, that temperature. What we are doing it we are dividing the temperature.
04:04:42 Manoj PS: Thank you.
04:04:44 Devi Narayanan: Sharing is the answer. Sharing is the answer.
04:04:46 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes, that temperature, what we are doing it, we are dividing the temperature. I'm really sorry. I'm really sorry guys. Even I don't have. I'm really sorry guys, even I don't have a... Solution for this. Solution for this.
04:04:59 Jeganathan K: Do you love you connecting enough or things up more than closer?
04:05:05 Mohamed Noordeen: Rapidly I'm using app only.
04:05:06 Jeganathan K: So, you are you connecting in the app or things of uh, uh, browser?
04:05:07 Mohamed Noordeen: App only, I'm using app only. Yeah. Are you able to see my screen now? Were you able to see my screen now?
04:05:23 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yes, Sir. Yeah.
04:05:24 Mohamed Noordeen: Place.
04:05:25 Manoj PS: Yes, yes.
04:05:25 Devi Narayanan: Yes, sir.
04:05:25 Jeganathan K: Yes. Yes, yes.
04:05:26 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Listen.
04:05:26 Manoj PS: Yes, yes.
04:05:27 Jeganathan K: Ahh, yes.
04:05:27 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Yes.
04:05:28 Mohamed Noordeen: It's quite frozen, guys. OK, so now you know how to find a softmax. But I said instead of just having a soft Mex, we are going to use a temperature. So let now the problem is for what you give this exponential of logit of I / T divided by summation of all the logic by temperature T. So exponential.
04:05:51 Mohamed Noordeen: Squad frozen guys. OK, so now you know how to find the softmax, but I said instead of just having a softmax, we are going to use a temperature. So now the problem is for what you give this exponential of logit of I divided by T divided by summation of all the logit by. Temperature deep. So exponential. We are making exponential to reduce the number range. OK, reduce the number score scoring to be reduced. So here in this case we are getting us. Let's say if t = 0.5 how it will react if T equal to one? How it will react if T equal to? How it will react so see the score. So for the same logic? Temperature T, so exponential, we are making exponential to reduce the number range. OK, reduce the number scoring to be reduced. So, here in this case, we are getting us, let's say, if T equal to 0.5, how it will react? If T equal to 1, how it will react? If T equal to how it will react? So see the score. So for the same logic function, this number whatever we have got it from the from the decoder output we are applying the softmax function with respective to T equal to 0.5 you get a probability score like this 82.611 point 24.10.50.6 and if you apply the one.
04:06:29 Mohamed Noordeen: So see the score. So for the same logic function, this number, whatever we have got it from the decoder output, we are applying this softmax function with respective to T equals 0.5. You get a probability score like this, 82.6, 11.2, 4.1, 0.5. 0.6. 0.6 and if you apply the 1.0 that is as it is 1.0 normal so you get 5520127.54.5 if it is 2.0 you get this 3622 seventeen 1310. Now if you see this result see this result when the. And if you apply the 1.0 that is as it is 1.0 normal, so you get 55, 20, 12, 7.5, 4.5. If it is 2.0, you get this 36, 22, 17, 13, 10. Now if you see this result.
04:06:45 Mohamed Noordeen: It is a cell when the numbers are less than one you give, you get the highest probabilities for the highest. See this result: when the numbers are less than one, you give you get the highest probabilities for. The highest score, the highest score. What you're getting will be for. the highest score. The highest score what you're getting will be for. Or the word which is on the block. for the word which is on the top. Right. Kannan. Don't know guys. Don't know, guys.
04:07:06 Asha Ponraj: Yes, yes. Listen.
04:07:07 Mohamed Noordeen: Uh, the chance the chance for the next word will be always for the top words.
04:07:07 Sunitha Ramu: Yes. Yes, Sir. Yes, Sir.
04:07:07 Asha Ponraj: Listen, listen. Yes, yes.
04:07:08 Sunitha Ramu: Yes, Sir. Yes, Sir.
04:07:08 Asha Ponraj: Please, please, please.
04:07:14 Mohamed Noordeen: The chance, the chance for the next word will be always for the top words. Three.
04:07:15 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yeah.
04:07:16 Mohamed Noordeen: The chance for the next word will be always for the top words.
04:07:16 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yeah.
04:07:23 Mohamed Noordeen: The chance for the next word will be always for the top words. When you keep the temperature increasing, the chance for the next word will have more chance, or will have the the the what? Can I say the choice for the next word will have.
04:07:25 Sunitha Ramu: I suppose I knew. Suppose I give.
04:07:43 Mohamed Noordeen: When you keep the temperature increasing, the chance for the next word will have more chance or will have the the the what can I say the choice for the next word will have. Ohh... Alright, just in the right words. Alright, choosing the right words. The proud of next word will give will have the the. The proud of next word will give will have the. The chance for having the next word will be from among the top key. It will not be for only first words. So for example here. So I'm not putting right word, sorry. So when NT equal to less than 0, your probability for next word is have highest chance for this particular word called Matt. When the temperature is more than.
04:08:15 Mohamed Noordeen: the chance for having the next word will be from among the top K. It will not be for only first words. So for example here, so I'm not putting right word, I'm sorry. So when NT equal to less than 0, your probability for next word is have highest chance for this particular word called mat. When the temperature is more than one, the probability for a word for the next token, you can see the distribution is flattened. The chance for the next word is had. You have the equal chance or you have a more chance even for the next words in the.
04:08:35 Mohamed Noordeen: When the temperature is more than one, the probability for a word for the next token, you can see the distribution is flattened. The chance for the next word is have you have the equal chance or you have a more chance even for the next words.
04:08:35 Asha Ponraj: You mean the second word is not too far away? No. After the first word.
04:08:36 Mohamed Noordeen: The table. In the table.
04:08:38 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Okay.
04:08:39 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's also you can think of like that. The second word, third word has also a chance. So.
04:08:41 Asha Ponraj: You mean the second word is not too far away? No, after the first word.
04:08:46 Sunitha Ramu: So basically I'll be using. Sorry I'm using top K and top B only when the temperature is more than 0.5°.
04:08:46 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Rajkum.
04:08:46 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's also you can think of like that. The second word, third word has also a chance. So you can. So you can. Yeah. P. Mm.
04:08:57 Sunitha Ramu: So basically, I'll be using, sorry, I'll be using top K and top P only when the temperature is more than 0.5 Zero. I don't have to stop here. Zero, I don't have to stop here.
04:09:01 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. Yeah, your temperature is 0. Yeah, your temperature is 0. What will happen? So only first word will be having the highest priority. Yeah, your temperature is 0. What will happen?
04:09:03 Sunitha Ramu: Can I come? There's no point of copy.
04:09:07 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, your temperature is 0, what will happen? So only first word will be having the highest probability.
04:09:09 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah, there's no point of copying.
04:09:09 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah.
04:09:09 Sunitha Ramu: And randomness about it. And, randomness.
04:09:11 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, there won't be a there won't be having any random because I'm just setting on the top key. Sorry. Sorry. I'm selecting one. Data first word, which is the highest probability. Yeah, there won't be a there won't be having any random because I'm just selecting only the top K. Sorry, sorry, I'm selecting only the first word, which is the highest probability. Right.
04:09:27 Asha Ponraj: Yeah. Can we? Yeah. Can we say that as a normalisation or something like that like? Yeah, can we say that as a normalisation or something like that? Like normalising the second or third words too.
04:09:35 Mohamed Noordeen: Wait one. Wait, let me do one more step here. Right? We explain this.
04:09:35 Asha Ponraj: Like normalising the second or third words to.
04:09:41 Mohamed Noordeen: Wait, I can do one more step here, right? Uh, we explain this. Do you also have that? You also, I have left. The. Thank you. To be. Was here. Was here, so when you keep the temperature 0. What's here? So when you keep the temperature equal to 0. Your output is always 100% given to the top word. Your output is always 100% given to the top word. I. Gopal, now you've got is what you are asking.
04:10:31 Sunitha Ramu: Yes, yes, yes. There's no point out.
04:10:32 Mohamed Noordeen: Then there's no point of hiding having a top K or top key, so your output remains always the same. Then there's no point of hiding.
04:10:34 Sunitha Ramu: Yes, yes, yes, there's no point out. P. P.
04:10:39 Mohamed Noordeen: Then there's no point of adding having a top K or top T, so your output remains always the same. There guys, this one I should have added here. I will add there. There guys, this one I should have added here. I will add there. Yes, guys. As guys.
04:10:53 Asha Ponraj: Yeah.
04:10:53 Mohamed Noordeen: My order is it is it there when the temperature becomes zero your output always will be the top word from. See what you have got in the logic function in the logic.
04:10:53 Asha Ponraj: Yeah.
04:10:54 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Yes.
04:10:54 Asha Ponraj: Yes, yes, yes.
04:10:55 Manoj PS: Yes, yes. Yes, yes.
04:10:56 Asha Ponraj: Yes, yes, yes.
04:11:06 Mohamed Noordeen: My order is it is it clear when T temperature becomes zero, your output always will be the top word probably what you have got in the logic function in the logic. OK, so this is what we were we have been doing in the classification problem, correct? OK, so this is what we were where we have been doing in the classification problem, correct? In the machine learning in the deep learning classification problem, we always take the highest probability, argmax and say this is what the answer is yes or no.
04:11:28 Devi Narayanan: Yes. Yeah.
04:11:29 Mohamed Noordeen: In the machine learning, in the deep learning classification problem, we always take the highest probability, argmax, and say this is what the answer is. Yes or no?
04:11:29 Devi Narayanan: Yes, yeah.
04:11:30 Mohamed Noordeen: That does that is deterministic, so we are also doing a deterministic problem here. So in if we are, if we are doing this particular thing, your output will always be generating same answer for a same question for anyone who is going.
04:11:31 Sunitha Ramu: Yes, yes, yes.
04:11:43 Mohamed Noordeen: That does that is deterministic, so we are also doing a deterministic problem here, so if we are if we are doing this particular thing, your output will always be generating same answer for the same question. For anyone who is going to ask. for anyone who is going to ask. Either you ask a question, I ask a question, I will get the same answer. If this is, this is what we have said. Either you ask a question, I ask a question, I will get the same answer if this is. Either you ask a question, I ask a question, I will get the same answer if this is this is what we have said. Agree. Agree.
04:11:55 Parthasarathi: Yes, no, no.
04:11:55 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yeah.
04:11:57 Parthasarathi: Yes, sir.
04:11:57 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes, but we don't want to do that. Kiss what we're doing. We are introducing a temperature here so that we are making the we are giving the opportunity. We are giving a chance for other world also to predict the next word even though it is it is not on the top one.
04:11:57 Devi Narayanan: Yes, sir, yeah.
04:11:57 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Yes, yes.
04:12:17 Mohamed Noordeen: But we don't want to do that case. What we are doing, we are introducing a temperature here. So that we are making the, we are giving the opportunity, we are giving a chance for other word also to predict in the next word, even though it is not on the top one. 1. Yeah. Is it clear? Is it clear with the temperature? Is it clear with the temperature?
04:12:21 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: So for classification, so for classification kind of scenario we will not use the top ten top TV.
04:12:21 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yes, Sir. Yeah.
04:12:23 Mohamed Noordeen: We are.
04:12:23 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yeah.
04:12:23 Mohamed Noordeen: We are G.
04:12:24 Kamalam jayaraman: Yes.
04:12:25 Mohamed Noordeen: Go on. Go on. Inside this generative area you are speaking or in in normal deep learning you're saying.
04:12:32 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: So, for classification, so for classification kind of scenario, we will not use the top ten top P right.
04:12:38 Mohamed Noordeen: Inside this generative AI you're speaking or in normal deep learning you're seeing.
04:12:42 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: While you discharge DVD itself, how we are designing it?
04:12:42 Mohamed Noordeen: Okay. No.
04:12:46 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: While it is chat GPD itself, how we are deciding like.
04:12:46 Mohamed Noordeen: No it. No, it doesn't charge you, Peter. LM always. It is going to be a temperature is going to be used after much the temperature is also used there.
04:12:49 Sunitha Ramu: What's up mate? Stop the stuff, Max.
04:12:54 Mohamed Noordeen: Ohh, if it is in chat GP to LM, always it is going to be a temperature is going to be used, but temperature is also used there.
04:12:55 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Before a for a classification scenario, we will not use this top K and top period then. So, for a for a classification scenario, uh, we will not use this top P and top P right then.
04:13:03 Mohamed Noordeen: So... That's a good question. Like if you are going to use a LM to do a classification then using a temperature 0 is a right way to go with. This is a good question. Like, if you are going to use a LM to do a classification, then using a temperature 0 is the right way to go with. Yeah.
04:13:20 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Oh.
04:13:21 Mohamed Noordeen: If. If you are if. If you are, if you're using LLM. If you are, if you are using LLM. For classifying something.
04:13:24 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Okay.
04:13:24 Mohamed Noordeen: For classifying something then. or classifying something then. Temperature. Temperature 0 is the right way to go with. Yeah, exactly. Temperature 0 is a right way to go. Yeah, exactly. Because if temperature is less than if the temperature is more than more than 0, you are kind of making the output to be more nondeterministic. But classification problem you want it to be more deterministic. In that case go with less T equal to 0. Good.
04:13:50 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Oh.
04:13:51 Mohamed Noordeen: Because if temperature is less than, if temperature is more than more than 0, you are kind of making the output to be more non-deterministic. But classification problem, you want it to be more deterministic. In that case, go with less T equal to 0. It, yeah, good question. So just get guys, everybody's clear this is very, very important. You should you should be in a real portion to answer this in interview when asked you explain them with an example where T equal to zero, t = 0.5 T equal to 1242 how it is going to range from how the how the response is going, how.
04:14:12 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, yeah, good question. So this is clear, guys. Everybody is clear. This is very, very important. You should be in a real position to answer this in interview when asked. You explain them with an example where T equal to 0, T equal to 0.5, T equal to 1, T, fold, two, how it is going to range from.
04:14:12 Mohamed Noordeen: How the how the response is going, how the probability shift is going to happen and because of this probability shift, what is the advantage? What you're going to make in the next step using top K and top B? OK, you clearly say if top T = 0, what will happen if T equal to 0? We should we should make them to understand this if T equal to 0, what will happen simply here in this formula if I want to keep this in the formula?
04:14:34 Mohamed Noordeen: how the response is going, how the probability shift is going to happen. And because of this probability shift, what is the advantage what you are going to make in the next step using top K and top T? Okay, you clearly say if top T equal to 0, what will happen? If T equal to 0, we should make them to understand this. If T equal to 0, what will happen? Simply here in this formula.
04:14:34 Mohamed Noordeen: If I want to keep this the formula see it logit I by T anything by zero, what will happen?
04:14:39 Manoj PS: Do you need any?
04:14:39 Mohamed Noordeen: If I want to keep this in the formula, C logit I by T, anything divided by zero, what will happen?
04:14:40 Manoj PS: Do you need any nonvisit?
04:14:40 Devi Narayanan: The sharing is gone so.
04:14:41 Manoj PS: You need to non-visit.
04:14:41 Sunitha Ramu: The thing is still gone.
04:14:41 Devi Narayanan: The sharing is gone, sir.
04:14:43 Sunitha Ramu: The thing is still gone.
04:14:43 Mohamed Noordeen: Ohh.
04:14:45 neelsvel1: So.
04:14:45 Mohamed Noordeen: Wait, wait, wait. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Let me complete this and then ask see it so exponential. Can you see my screen now?
04:14:49 neelsvel1: Okay.
04:14:52 Mohamed Noordeen: Wait, wait, wait, wait, let me complete this and then ask Ashika. See it. So exponential, can you see my screen now?
04:14:53 Manoj PS: Yes.
04:14:53 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yeah.
04:14:53 Muniappan Mohanraj: Yes. No.
04:14:53 Manoj PS: Yes.
04:14:54 Muniappan Mohanraj: Yes, no.
04:14:54 Devi Narayanan: Yes, sir, yeah.
04:14:54 Mohamed Noordeen: See this particular formula, exponential of logit by T divided by exponential summation of exponential logit by T. Now, anything divided by T, T0, anything over 0, what will happen?
04:15:08 Muniappan Mohanraj: Infinity. Infinity.
04:15:10 neelsvel1: In.
04:15:10 Jeganathan K: It.
04:15:10 neelsvel1: Infinity. Infinity.
04:15:12 Mohamed Noordeen: Become Infinity. Become Infinity exponential, Infinity, Infinity is what. Become infinity, exponential infinite is what?
04:15:19 neelsvel1: Infinity. It's potentially looking pretty Infinity. Exponential of infinity is infinity.
04:15:22 Mohamed Noordeen: Really. Really?
04:15:23 Parthasarathi: 01/8.
04:15:23 Sriram Subramanian: 1.
04:15:24 neelsvel1: What? What?
04:15:24 Parthasarathi: Zero.
04:15:25 Mohamed Noordeen: Expansion Infinity. Exponential infinity.
04:15:28 Sunitha Ramu: It is unlike. It is unlike this. It is one Latif.
04:15:29 Manoj PS: 1.
04:15:29 Mohamed Noordeen: Alright. Yeah, it's it's it's going to be one. One, right? Yeah, it's going to be one. In that case, Siri, so you can't compute temperature equals 0 using same formula, because expression would involve divide by zero which is undefined. So what does the user actually mean then? Instead of using Softmax T user, it's defined as a limit case as t = 0, distribution becomes 100th percentage concentrated on the highest logit. So we switch from sampling to.
04:15:34 neelsvel1: Mm.
04:15:57 Mohamed Noordeen: So, in that case, see, so you can't compute temperature equal 0 using same formula because the expression would involve divide by zero, which is undefined. So, what does T equal 0 actually mean then? Instead of using softmax T equal 0 is defined as a limit case, as T equal 0 distribution becomes 100% concentrated on the highest logit. So we switch from sampling to argmax. That is greedy encoding. What we have been doing therein. The normal classification problem. OK, that's what you want to explain that. OK, so when t = 0, always pick the best token. That's what no randomness. Always pick the next token, no randomness. It is not computed, it is.
04:16:17 Mohamed Noordeen: So we switch from sampling to arg max. That is greedy encoding what we have been doing here in the normal classification problem. OK, that's what you want to explain that. OK, so when T equals 0, always pick the best token. That's what no randomness. Always pick the best token. No randomness, it is not computed. It is defined as a limit behaviour. No randomness. It is not computed. It is defined as a limit behavior. Yeah.
04:16:23 neelsvel1: But instead, if you can viewpoint one or something, right, so it will sample the data.
04:16:24 Manoj PS: Yes.
04:16:24 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes, guys.
04:16:24 Manoj PS: Yes.
04:16:25 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes, guys.
04:16:25 Jeganathan K: Yes.
04:16:26 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, if it is .1, then there will be the probability will shift.
04:16:29 neelsvel1: But instead, if you can do.1 or something, right, so it will sample the data, no?
04:16:34 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, if it is 0.1, then there will be the probability will shift.
04:16:34 neelsvel1: Yeah. Then in that case also it will pick the for the classification problem. Also it will work right. Yeah. Then in that case.
04:16:37 Mohamed Noordeen: No, no, no. No, no, no. Yeah, it will work, but it won't. It won't be the always top fee. Sorry. Always the top one.
04:16:41 neelsvel1: Yeah, then in that case also it will pick the for the classification problem also it will work right.
04:16:46 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, it will work, but it won't. It won't be the always top P. Sorry, always the top one.
04:16:47 neelsvel1: Why is it why you know? Why is it way long?
04:16:48 Mohamed Noordeen: 0.1. 0.1 this probability will be remaining. This probability will remain same, right? 0.1 means this probability will be remaining. This probability will remain same, right? Maybe 4.0 may become 4.13 point 2, something it will change.
04:16:55 neelsvel1: No, no. No, no.
04:17:00 Mohamed Noordeen: Maybe 4.0 will become 4.1, 3.2 something it will change.
04:17:02 neelsvel1: Oh wow. Oh, wow. OK, OK, OK.
04:17:04 Mohamed Noordeen: Right.
04:17:05 Akash Balmiki: Moody, then, before 0.5, there is a no much difference on the 1st and second one. If you don't apply any top your top file top P so there is.
04:17:05 Sunitha Ramu: So.
04:17:05 neelsvel1: Oh, okay, okay, okay.
04:17:16 Akash Balmiki: No, even for 0.5, there is a not much difference on the 1st and second one if you don't apply any top tier top five top tier. So there is a like 82% and 11%. So how that are in the place will happen in 0.25 and 0.5?
04:17:19 Mohamed Noordeen: Mm.
04:17:24 Akash Balmiki: So there is a like 82% and 11%. So how that will happen in 0.25?
04:17:25 Mohamed Noordeen: You're saying? You're saying? This one is also having not much difference you're saying.
04:17:30 Akash Balmiki: Yeah, 82 and second chair is 11%. So there will be.
04:17:30 Mohamed Noordeen: This one is also having not much difference you're saying. Correct. Correct. Yeah. Here then the probabilities are shifted, are squared skewed to the top words top words.
04:17:35 Akash Balmiki: Yeah, 82 and 2nd chair is 11%, so there will be.
04:17:44 Mohamed Noordeen: Correct, yeah, here then the probabilities are shifted, uh, or squid skewed to the top words. Upwards are having the highest probability. Top words are having the highest priority.
04:17:47 Akash Balmiki: Mm.
04:17:47 Mohamed Noordeen: But when it P equal to two, the probability score of words are getting flattened every.
04:17:51 Akash Balmiki: I.
04:17:57 Mohamed Noordeen: But when T equal to two, the probability score of words are getting flattened. Every word have equal opportunity.
04:18:00 Akash Balmiki: Yeah. Yeah.
04:18:01 Mohamed Noordeen: Correct. Correct. So in that case, when you are making the tea less than one.
04:18:02 neelsvel1: The.
04:18:03 Akash Balmiki: Yeah.
04:18:06 Mohamed Noordeen: Correct. So in that case, when you are making the T less than one. E less than one, you are skewing the properties on the top words when you're making T greater than one, you're screwing the frog. You're not screwing, you're flattening the probabilities overall, got it.
04:18:09 Akash Balmiki: Oh.
04:18:21 Sunitha Ramu: But but still R Max will return only the top one right.
04:18:22 Mohamed Noordeen: T less than one, you are skewing the probabilities on the top ports. When you are making T greater than one, you are skewing the, you're not skewing, you're flattening the probabilities overall. Got it.
04:18:22 Akash Balmiki: Oh oh. Oh, oh.
04:18:23 Mohamed Noordeen: But now, so wait. No, we are not going to use arguments.
04:18:25 Sunitha Ramu: But, but still, our max will return only the top one, right?
04:18:27 Mohamed Noordeen: So now, so wait, no, we are not going to use arg maps. You're gonna do. You're not gonna use automobile. That's what we have discussed, right? You're gonna do. You're not gonna use automobile. That's what we. We are not going to use automatic. That's what we have discussed, right? I want. I want to what's the question there?
04:18:37 Sunitha Ramu: Yes, yes, yes, yes.
04:18:37 Mohamed Noordeen: Come on, who? What's the question there?
04:18:37 Sunitha Ramu: Yes, yes, yes.
04:18:39 Mohamed Noordeen: What question on argmas? Who asked this quest? What question on argmas? Who asked this question? Or the question on Argmas who asked this question?
04:18:43 Sunitha Ramu: No, I I I saw that. Are you using the argmax right in the other web page what you showed? No, I I saw that I using the arg max right in the other web page what you showed.
04:18:55 Mohamed Noordeen: This one. This one? What's your question? What's your question?
04:19:02 Sunitha Ramu: Oh, sorry I I I.
04:19:03 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah.
04:19:04 Sunitha Ramu: No, sorry, I, I, I... Yeah. So, so as we switch from sampling to argmax, we you have mentioned there, right? Yeah, so uh, so we switch from sampling to org max, we you have mentioned there, right?
04:19:15 Mohamed Noordeen: Is fun.
04:19:17 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah.
04:19:18 Mohamed Noordeen: This is only for the condition T. This is only for the condition T equal to 0.
04:19:21 Sunitha Ramu: Oh, OK OK, fine.
04:19:21 Mohamed Noordeen: This is only for the condition T equal to 0.
04:19:23 Sunitha Ramu: Okay, okay, fine.
04:19:23 Mohamed Noordeen: Only about 10 T equals zero. We don't have any other option. We will just go with the top. Probably that's all. But when T is, yeah, when we are changing the T then we are getting the. We are making the we are we are giving the opportunity for other words also to predict for the next token. OK.
04:19:29 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah. Make make sense? Yep. Yeah, make make sense, yeah.
04:19:44 Mohamed Noordeen: Only for 10 T equal to 0, we don't have any other option. We will just go with the top probability, that's all. But when T is, yeah, when we are changing the T, then we are getting the, we are making the, we are giving the opportunity for other words also to predict for the next. Token.
04:19:45 Sunitha Ramu: Right.
04:19:46 Mohamed Noordeen: Okay. Shall we move? Shall shall I move. Guys, this, I think. Yeah, too much. Too much of discussion. Temperature. So next is top P and top K. So now after I change the T value with more than 0 then obviously I'm I'm getting a.
04:19:50 Sunitha Ramu: Yes, please.
04:19:52 Asha Ponraj: Yeah.
04:19:52 Sunitha Ramu: Yes, please. Yeah. Yeah. OK.
04:19:52 Asha Ponraj: Yeah. Yeah, please.
04:19:53 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah, yeah, OK.
04:19:53 Asha Ponraj: Yeah, yeah, please.
04:19:54 Sriram Subramanian: Yes. No. Yes, Mohamed.
04:19:55 Asha Ponraj: Yeah.
04:19:56 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah.
04:20:09 Mohamed Noordeen: Shall we move? Shall I move guys? This is, I think, yeah, too much, too much of discussion. OK, temperature, so next is top P and top K. So now, after I change the T value with more than zero, then obviously... I'm I'm getting a giving a chance to other words also then how can I make this happen? So now in this case for example we have two different. I am getting a giving a chance to other words also. Then how can I make this happen? So now in this case, for example, we have two different. Hyperparameter only.
04:20:21 Mohamed Noordeen: Hyperparameter only stop K&P, which we have already discussed. So both top P and top K starts after the probabilities are already known. So we will only start this process only after knowing the properties. Now we cut down the list of candidates before the model picks one, so so there are.
04:20:43 Mohamed Noordeen: one is top K and top P, which we have already discussed. So both top P and top K starts after the probabilities are already known. So we will only start this process only after knowing the probabilities. Now we cut down the list of candidates before the model picks one. So so there are 5000 vocabulary efforts. How can I keep all those 5000 vocabulary of words probabilities to predict the next token. So instead of that let me select something and reject other things. So how can I do that that is using a top P and top K so for top K you just keep the top K words.
04:21:02 Mohamed Noordeen: So there are 5000 vocabulary of words. How can I keep all those 5000 vocabulary of words probabilities to predict the next token? So instead of that, let me select something and reject other things. So how can I do that? That is using a top P and top K. So for top K, you just keep the top. Keywords. keywords. Or top key. It's just simple keep the top key words for top key, keep the top words until their probabilities add up to the T word we are selecting. That is, that is what we say as cumulative properties. Keep those words until the properties add up to P clear on this.
04:21:22 Mohamed Noordeen: For top K, it is just simple: keep the top K words for top P, keep the top words until the probabilities add up to the P word we are selecting. That is, that is what we say as cumulative probabilities. Keep those words until the probabilities add up to P. Put on the list. Good on this. There is that view discussed on, OK, so let's let's go with step by step, but let's.
04:21:25 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yes, Sir.
04:21:30 Mohamed Noordeen: There, guys, that we have discussed on. OK, so let's let's go with step by step. That's it. We have.
04:21:31 neelsvel1: Go.
04:21:31 Mohamed Noordeen: But let's say we have a...
04:21:32 neelsvel1: The screen sharing stopped.
04:21:32 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah.
04:21:34 neelsvel1: The screen share is stopped.
04:21:34 Asha Ponraj: Scree.
04:21:36 Mohamed Noordeen: Ohh.
04:21:37 neelsvel1: Ish.
04:21:38 Mohamed Noordeen: Really sorry guys spinned. OK so we have the words. Matt, Chair, floor, sofa, Table, Roof moon pizza for example and we have a probability from the previous section 402515105 P 15 and Now this is a cumulative probabilities.
04:21:59 Mohamed Noordeen: Really sorry guys, spinned. Okay, so we have the words mat, chair, floor, sofa, table, roof, moon, pizza, for example. And we have a probability from the previous section, 40, 25, 15, 10, 5, 3, 1, 5. And now this is a cumulative probabilities 4040 + 2565 sixty 5 + 1580 eighty +109090 +59595 +39898 plus one point 599.5 and then point 1.5 is 0 point so 100 percentage. OK so in a plane in this just LLM is written like this way. It's an obvious answer also very natural.
04:22:20 Mohamed Noordeen: And now, this is the cumulative properties: 40, 40 plus 25, 65, 65 plus 15, 80, 80 plus 10, 90, 90 plus 5, 95, 95 plus 3, 98, 98 plus 1.5, 99.5, 19.1.5, zero point, so 100 percentage. OK, plain English just LLM is written like this way. An obvious onset. Also very natural, reasonable, reasonable possible, but less uncommon, unusual, weird, and very weird. Some of the result of like like like if you're using this word for the next token, how it is going to be. That's what we have defining here and now let's say how the top K is.
04:22:39 Mohamed Noordeen: It's an obvious answer. Also very natural, reasonable, reasonable, possible, but less uncommon, unusual, weird, and very weird. This is some of the result of, like, if you're using this word for the next token, how it is going to be. That's what we are defining here. And now let's say how the top K is going to be used here.
04:22:40 Asha Ponraj: Full screen.
04:22:41 Mohamed Noordeen: And now let's say how the top K is going to be used here.
04:22:41 Asha Ponraj: Your screen.
04:22:43 Mohamed Noordeen: Well. See it in my select Step 2 I say top K only. Keep only those top key words. Throw the rest away. If I say K equal to one, what will happen so? So see it in my select step 2, I say top K. Only keep only those top K words, throw the rest away. If I say K equal to 1, what will happen? So there will be original property here and keep one that is keep only one. This and what is the new probability new probability is going to be 40 by 40 that becomes 100 percentage correct?
04:23:16 Asha Ponraj: Ohh.
04:23:16 neelsvel1: Yeah, yeah.
04:23:16 Asha Ponraj: Yes.
04:23:17 Mohamed Noordeen: So, original P, original probability here, and keep one that is keep only one this, and what is the new probability? New probability is going to be 40 by 40, that becomes 100%, correct?
04:23:17 Devi Narayanan: Yes. Yes.
04:23:18 Asha Ponraj: Yes.
04:23:18 Mohamed Noordeen: And Cable 3 then what will happen? I just keep only three mat, chair and floor. So Mad chair and floor, and now new probability will become 40 by 658040 by 80. That becomes 5025 by 80. That becomes 3115 by 80. That becomes 18.8. So I get a new probabilities here 30.
04:23:41 Mohamed Noordeen: When K equal to 3, then what will happen? I just keep only three, mat, chair and floor. So mat, chair and floor. And now new probability will become 40 by 65, 80, 40 by 80, that becomes 50, 25 by 80, that becomes 31, 15 by 80, that becomes 18.8. So I get a new prob this year 30153118 clear. So I get a new properties here, 30, 15, 31, 18. Clear.
04:23:46 Asha Ponraj: Yeah.
04:23:47 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yeah.
04:23:47 Sriram Subramanian: Yes.
04:23:48 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yeah.
04:23:50 Mohamed Noordeen: And now K equal to five, same way 40 divided by. Now it is going to be 40 / 9540 by 95. And now K equal to 5, same way, 40 divided by, now it is going to be 40 divided by 95. 41854225 by 9520. 41854225 by 9526, so get some new score and always it adds up to 100 percentage. This is clear is this. 40 by 95, 42, 25 by 95, 26, so you get some new score and always it adds up to 100%. This is clear. Is this gay? And now this way people were asking me how top P is used if I use K then P should not be used. Or is it used both? I said both how so now I have a new probability score. Really it was 40.
04:24:06 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yes, sir.
04:24:08 Sriram Subramanian: Yeah.
04:24:21 Mohamed Noordeen: Is this K? And now, this is where people were asking me how top P is used. If I used K, then P should not be used or is it used both? I said both. How? So now I have a new probability score. Yearly it was 40, 25, 15. Now it is 40, 25, 15. Sorry, where is it? Sorry, 5031 and 18. Instead instead of 402515 and here 40 to 2615105.3 before it was like this. And now if I apply a top Pi will be applying a top P on this probability now clear.
04:24:47 Mohamed Noordeen: Sorry, where is it? Sorry, 50, 31 and 18 instead of 40, 25, 15. And here, 42, 26, 15, 10, 5.3. Before it was like this. And now, if I apply a top P, I'll be applying a top P on this probability. All clear.
04:24:47 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yeah. Yes, Sir. Yeah.
04:24:49 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, now I can say top P of.
04:24:49 Asha Ponraj: Yeah.
04:24:52 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, now I can say top P of. 80 so only 42 + 26 + 15 this three will be selected. These two will be left behind and on the on that and on this top three I'll be finding the random word on this tree. So let's go and find the top K now top P now keep the smaller set whose probabilities add up to least P.
04:25:14 Mohamed Noordeen: 80, so only what is 42 plus 26 plus 15, this three will be selected, this two will be left behind and on that and on this top three, I'll be finding the random word on this three. So let's go and find the top K now, top P. Now keep the smaller set. Whose properties add up to least P. So what does it? How does it? Whose probabilities add up to least P? So, what does it? How does it? Happened. So let's say if I say P = 0.5, I just find 40 cumulative. Happen, so let's say if I say P equal to 0.5, I just find 40. Humidity is 65. Cumulative is 65.
04:25:32 neelsvel1: No.
04:25:35 Mohamed Noordeen: OK.
04:25:35 Devi Narayanan: The new probability should be checked, Sir.
04:25:36 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah, actually, the next word also, because it's more than 40.
04:25:36 Mohamed Noordeen: Okay.
04:25:37 Devi Narayanan: A new probability should be checked, sir.
04:25:38 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, it's more than 40. That's what it is. Before adding with 0.8, then 4065 eighty 90 so till 90. So these words are going to selected. So so now top K versus top B.
04:25:39 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah, actually the next word also, because it's more than 40.
04:25:40 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, it's more than 40. That's what it is.
04:25:43 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah, click next. Yeah, pretty nice.
04:25:58 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, it's more than 40, that's what it is. Community before adding, where is 0.8, then 40, 65, 80, where is Andy, so till 90, so these words are going to be selected, so, so now... Top K versus top B. When does each behave differently? Top K versus top P, when does each behave differently? The capital of France is dash. The capital of France is Dash. Answer is what? Paris is 99 percentage. What top K does? K equal to 5, still keeps 4 nonsense words alongside Paris, wasteful. What top P does? Stops Paris alone, smart, automatically tight. When you stop.
04:26:09 Mohamed Noordeen: Answer is what Paris is 99 percentage what top gate is K equal to 5 still keeps 4 nonsense word alongside Paris wasteful. What Topi does stops Paris alone, smart, automatically tight right when you stop P with 0.9 it.
04:26:30 Mohamed Noordeen: Be with 0.9. It automatically decides give me those word which is having the probabilities of 0.9 only. So because the Paris probably is 99 percentage right, the probability of Paris 99 percentage for this particular question given next word is 99 percentage if you KK. with 0.9, it automatically decides, give me those word which is having the probabilities of 0.9 only. So because the Paris probability is 99 percentage, right? The probability of Paris is 99 percentage for this particular question given. Next word is. 99 percentage if you KK go to five then you keep all the four and Paris will be on the top. And now if you use top P like only select those word which is of 90 percentage automatically it will be very tight. So many good option like for example my.
04:27:05 Mohamed Noordeen: 99 percentage. If you get K equal to 5, then you keep all the four and Paris will be on the top. And now if you use top P, like only select those words which is of 90 percentage, automatically it will be very tight. So many good option like for example my favourite colour is, it can be any number right, K equilibrium cutoff colours that may be just a valid 0.9 keeps as many colours as you need to cover, so 90 percentage means so it can be blue, red, black so it can be multiple colours. So in that kind of a question this might be helpful. So so why we teach both?
04:27:27 Mohamed Noordeen: So many good options, like for example, my favourite colour is, it can be any number, right? Kglify, cut off colours that may be just a valid. 0.9 keeps as many colours as you need to cover. So 90% admin, so it can be blue, red, black, so it can be multiple colors. So in that kind of a question, this might be helpful. So so why we teach both top case? Easier idea. It's easy idea. It builds intuition at about cutting off the tail. I don't want unnecessary data cut off top piece. What real system use? Because it adapts the situation. So you can think about top K as cutting from the tail top. P is selecting from the head clear.
04:27:46 Mohamed Noordeen: So why we teach both? Top K is easy idea. It's easy idea. It builds intuition about cutting off the tail. I don't want unnecessary data cut off. Top P is what real system use because it adapts the situation. So you can think about top K as cutting from the tail. Top P is selecting from the head. Yep. Yes or no? I can. I can, I can say. Yeah. Yeah. Top K is to cut from the from the bottom. Top B is to select from the top. That's the difference between top P and top K so now there are different ways it has been said. Like for example if you are using a factual question and answer facts where I told.
04:27:50 Devi Narayanan: Yes. If you.
04:27:51 Akash Balmiki: Yeah. Yeah, making it more refined.
04:27:52 Sriram Subramanian: Yeah, that makes sense.
04:27:52 Akash Balmiki: Yeah, making it more refined.
04:27:53 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah, that makes sense. Makes sense. Yeah, that makes sense, makes sense.
04:28:11 Mohamed Noordeen: I can, I can, I can say, yeah, yeah, top K is to cut from the from the bottom, top P is to select from the top. That's the difference between top P and top K. So now there are different ways it has been said. For example, if you are using... A factual question and answer facts that I told I need an exact information. I don't want to do hallucinate. I don't want you to creative. I don't want you to very much random. Then use the temperature of less 0.20.2 temperature when it when you say 0.2 what happens? You are just selecting the OR we are just making the.
04:28:32 Mohamed Noordeen: a factual question and answer facts that I told I need an exact information. I don't want to do hallucinate. I don't want you to creative. I don't want you to do very much random. Then use a temperature. So plus 0.2, 0.2 temperature. When it, when you say 0.2, what happens? You are just selecting. We are just making the properties. The or we are just making the probabilities. Which is concentrated. which is concentrated. Concentrated on the top. Concentrated on the top.
04:28:41 Mohamed Noordeen: Words right top words will have highest probability when it's when you are making temperature of 0.2 or 0.1 correct. That's what you're sorry, alright? Words, right? Top words will have highest probability when it's when you are making temperature of 0.2 or 0.1, correct? Sorry, Eric, if it is zero point, what happens? So your highest probability becomes the top words because we want it to be very factual. We want it to be a we want it to be of exact. So let's make the temperature to be less, but may the top P top P will be highest because I want to select the top word.
04:28:50 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yeah. Yes, sir, yeah.
04:28:52 Asha Ponraj: Yes, yes. Yes, yes.
04:29:11 Mohamed Noordeen: That's what you're sorry, right? If it is 0.2, what happens? So, your highest probability becomes the top votes, because we want it to be very factual, we want it to be, we want it to be of exact, so let's make the temperature to be less, but may the top P top P will be highest because I want. To select the top word properties. To select the top word properties. Right, yes or no.
04:29:15 Mohamed Noordeen: Right, yes or no?
04:29:16 Devi Narayanan: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah.
04:29:17 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. So.
04:29:18 Akash Balmiki: But you like close to 0 things will be the same, right?
04:29:18 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, so...
04:29:19 Asha Ponraj: Yeah.
04:29:22 Akash Balmiki: But no, like, close to 0, things will be same, right?
04:29:23 Mohamed Noordeen: Zero. Zero.
04:29:24 Akash Balmiki: But. 0.2 is close to zero, 40 right for temperature and the behaviour will be like almost similar in this case so.
04:29:29 Mohamed Noordeen: Mm. Mhm. What similar similar to what?
04:29:37 Akash Balmiki: Yeah, 0.2 is close to 0 for T, right, for temperature, and the behaviour will be like almost similar in this case, so... Who is this?
04:29:39 Mohamed Noordeen: What similar? Similar to what?
04:29:39 Akash Balmiki: I mean. I mean the specific to that answer, no variation will be the no random yeah.
04:29:44 Mohamed Noordeen: Unless very soon. I'm. I'm not. Yeah. No, there will be a randomness, but less randomness, less variation.
04:29:47 Akash Balmiki: I mean, that specific to that answer, no variation will be the no random, yeah.
04:29:50 Mohamed Noordeen: A less variation, I'm not, yeah, no, there will be a randomness, but less randomness, so less variation.
04:29:51 Akash Balmiki: OK.
04:29:51 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, so let's say for example here. So if this is 0.1 here. OK, so since 0.1 also will have some variation.
04:29:51 Akash Balmiki: Okay.
04:30:00 Mohamed Noordeen: Okay, so let's say for example here, so if this is 0.1 here, okay, so still 0.1 also will have some variation. Here. Here from this. Here, run this. Dear so parameter control. OK, let me just run again. See here, so parameter control, I don't know about OK, let me just run again. You wanna say? You want the same answer? With the same answer. It's my change if I may have asked, you can let's say. This might change, uh, if I may have an X token, let's say if I... 100. Nine 30. Make 0.2 OK. Make 0.2 OK, wrong. Yeah, you better not again. To turn sexual, put on sexual is it the same score? Same.
04:30:47 Mohamed Noordeen: Total factual, total factual, is it the same score, same? What difference are same?
04:30:49 Akash Balmiki: India.
04:30:50 Mohamed Noordeen: Somewhat different or same?
04:30:50 Akash Balmiki: Save my thing. Save my thing.
04:30:52 Mohamed Noordeen: Or random. More random. No, it is somewhat different. No, it is somewhat different. Assistant and Peter's house. It's possible. Persistent and better results was here. Let me copy paste here somewhere else. Let me copy paste here somewhere. We copy paste here somewhere else. Yeah, it's same. Yeah, it's same. Let me ask some other question. What is? Let me ask some other question. Let me ask some other question. What is a... Stop. A and. Copy. Top P, okay. OK, let me run this. Okay, let me run this. OK, let me run this again. K equal to 5 model. OK, let me run this again. K equal to file model. Yeah.
04:31:52 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, it's different, right? Yeah, it's different, right? Different. Right. Different. Right, different. I said no. I said no. Tell me something else.
04:32:07 Muniappan Mohanraj: Yes. No.
04:32:08 Mohamed Noordeen: Tell me something, guys.
04:32:08 Devi Narayanan: Yes, sir.
04:32:09 Muniappan Mohanraj: Yes, now.
04:32:09 Mohamed Noordeen: Somewhat different. Not everything is different. Somewhat different. Not everything is different I, but I cannot some difference. Somewhat different, not everything is different, but I can note some difference. Yeah. Different. Right. So even with top T point 0.2 also there is small difference you can see. But if I make it to one, you can see a huge difference and see a huge difference. Yeah, different. Yeah, different, right? So even with top T.0.2 also, there is small difference you can see. But if I make it to one, you can see a huge difference. It's a huge difference. And see huge difference.
04:32:37 Mohamed Noordeen: Can see a huge difference here, but because the tokens are randomly selected based on the top, sorry, based on temperature what you have got the probability is getting shifted fault is getting giving more chance for other words also to come under the top K and top B. OK so that's it. So you can.
04:32:58 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, you can see a huge difference here, but because the tokens are randomly selected based on the top, sorry, based on temperature, what you have got, the probability is getting shifted, the fault is getting giving more chance for other words also to come under the top K and top T. OK. So that's it. So you can understand about this and code generation. If you're making a code generation, kind of you're creating A use case for code generation. They're saying even there also you make the temperature to be 0 point. We don't want, we don't want to be creative for writing a code, right? Okay, so that's it. So you can understand about this and code generation. If you are making a code generation, creating a use case for code generation, they are saying even there also you make the temperature to be 0 point. We don't want, we don't want to be creative.
04:33:11 Mohamed Noordeen: Writing a code. Writing a code right? For writing a code, right?
04:33:57 Asha Ponraj: Oh, Noor, are you talking now? Noor, are you talking now?
04:34:01 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah, we can't. Yeah, we can't hear you. Yeah, we can't give you.
04:34:41 Asha Ponraj: I think he has some connection issue. I think he has some connexion issue.
04:35:27 Mohamed Noordeen: Hello guys. Hello, guys. Hello!
04:35:32 Manoj PS: Yes. Yes.
04:35:33 Mohamed Noordeen: Sorry guys. Alright. My teams got hung and I had to restart this. OK. Yeah, that's almost. We are done for this session. So just to summarise.
04:35:33 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: If not. I guess not.
04:35:55 Mohamed Noordeen: Sorry guys, my teams got hung and I had to restart this. Okay, yeah, that's almost, we are done for this session. So just to summarize. Up first of all temperature temperature. If it is less than 0. Top, first of all, temperature, temperature, if it is less than 0. But less than.
04:35:55 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Can you share your? Can you share your sleep?
04:35:55 Mohamed Noordeen: Sorry, less than. I'm not sharing anything, I'm just de iterating what we have seen so far so that we can come. We can just summarise the class and complete this session. First thing is we have learned about temperature, temperature, when we will use, why we are using it and what for we are using it so temperature.
04:35:56 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Can Share is free in the game?
04:36:17 Mohamed Noordeen: I'm not sharing anything, I'm just deiterating what we have seen so far so that we can come, we can just summarise the class and complete this session. First thing is we have learned about temperature. Temperature, when we will use, why we are using it, and what for we are using it. So temperature. So, temperature. Is used in the softmax function. That's the first answer in the softmax function. We just divide the temperature T with the probabilities or logits. What we have got it from the previous step when we are dividing the temperature, the probability changes OK how it is changing it.
04:36:39 Mohamed Noordeen: is used in the softmax function. That's the first answer. In the softmax function, we just divide the temperature T with the probabilities or logits what we have got it from the previous step. When we are dividing the temperature, the probability changes. Okay. How it is changing it when you? How it is changing it? When you have a temperature of 0. When you have a temperature of 0.
04:36:44 Mohamed Noordeen: Then what happens? Then what happens if you are making a temperature to more than 0? What it happens and understand that when you make a temperature to be 0, then what happens? Divide by zero. That becomes Infinity. That becomes the the exponential of Infinity. So that is something mathematically it's not possible for doing it. So in that case we have a.
04:37:06 Mohamed Noordeen: Then, what happens if you are making a temperature to more than 0, what it happens? You need to understand that when you make a temperature to be 0, then what happens? Divide by zero, that becomes infinity, that becomes the exponential of infinity, so that is something mathematically it's not possible for doing it. So in that case we have a we. So, in that case, we have a... We do a argument on that. So when you do argmax always the top word will be the next token, always the top probability of the next token. So in that case there won't be any randomness. There won't be any type of creativity that is one. And now if you are making AT as more than zero, there will be.
04:37:28 Mohamed Noordeen: We do a arg max on that. So when you do arg max, always the top word will be the next token. Always the top probability will be the next token. So in that case, there won't be any randomness. There won't be any type of creativity. That is 1. And now if you're making a T. As more than zero, there will be some sort of a probability shift happens. As more than 0, there will be some sort of a probability shift happens. How the probability shift happens when you are making the T to be less to be near to 0. The probabilities of the top word will be always the highest. The preference will be given to.
04:37:47 Mohamed Noordeen: How the probability shift happens when you are making the T to be less to be near to 0, the probabilities of the top word will be always the highest. The preference will be given to the words which is having the highest probability is always. If you are making the temperature to be more, that is, let's say one or two, you're making it to be more the shifting away from zero. The probability of a words will be flattened so that every words will have more.
04:38:07 Mohamed Noordeen: The preference will be given to the words, which is having the highest probability always. If you are making the temperature to be more, that is, let's say one or two, you are making it to be more, shifting away from zero, the probability of a words will be flattened, so that... Every words will have more opportunity for them to be the next token and now how come you can select A word? Because there are lot of words out there. It's a 5000 vocabulary, 10,000 vocabulary. How can you say which word? Every word will have more opportunity for them to be the next token. And now, how come you can select a word? Because there are a lot of words out there. Let's say 5,000 vocabulary, 10,000 vocabulary. How can you? Say which word? Say, which word? To be selected as the next token, so.
04:38:28 Mohamed Noordeen: to be selected as the next token. So now I need to do some filtering. How can I do filtering using top key and top key top key it philtres from the bottom select. So now I need to do some filtering. How can I do filtering using top K and top K? Top K, it philtres from the bottom. Select only top ten and reject all the words which is about 10. So you just philtre only the top ten and philtre everything from the bottom and top P what happens? You are filtering from the from the top. How much probability? Select only top 10 and reject all the words which is about 10. So you just philtre only the top 10 and philtre everything from the bottom. And top P what happens? You are filtering from the top.
04:38:56 Mohamed Noordeen: How much probability of a cumulative you can select. You can select from the top. Let's talk. Let's say you say 0.9. What is those words which is having a probability less than 0.9 after doing a cumulative probabilities you select only those words and now you after you find the top key and top T NOW. How much probability of a cumulative you can select? You can select from the top. Let's say you say 0.9. What is those words which is having a probability less than 0.9? After doing a cumulative probabilities, you select only those words, and now after you find a top K and top T.
04:39:16 Mohamed Noordeen: No? To select a random words from that top K and top you whatever you selected. You select a random words from that top K and top P, whatever you have selected. So now in this case, what will happen? The output is always going to be on generative way and the result is always is going to be off random words. So now, in this case, what will happen? The output is always going to be on generative way, and the result is always is going to be of random words. And when you ask the same question, your result will be somewhat different. It won't be same. And when you ask the same question, your result will be somewhat different. It won't be same.
04:39:41 Mohamed Noordeen: The reason behind it is because of temperature top K and top B clear. The reason behind here is because of temperature, top K and top P clear.
04:39:48 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yes, sir.
04:39:50 Mohamed Noordeen: There it is. It's very important concept. I hope I have made it simpler. I want you. There, guys. It's a very important concept. I hope I have made it simpler. I want you to go back and understand, read and write an article on this top K temperature, top K, top P and also this BP byte pair encoding. So this four topics what we have learned. It's really interesting question to ask.
04:40:14 Mohamed Noordeen: I want you to go back and understand, read, and write an article on this top K temperature, top K, top P, and also this DP byte pair encoding. So, these four topics what we have learned, it's really...
04:40:14 Mohamed Noordeen: Interesting question to ask really. Interesting question to ask, really. A provoking question to ask for anyone to. A provoking question to ask for anyone to. Make. Make. Or test someone in the field of generative how much knowledge they have? It's a very highest probable question. You can expect an interview, OK. or test someone in the field of generative area how much knowledge they have. So it's a very highest probable question you can expect in interview. Yeah.
04:40:37 neelsvel1: OK.
04:40:37 Mohamed Noordeen: Question guys.
04:40:38 neelsvel1: Okay.
04:40:38 Devi Narayanan: No.
04:40:39 Sriram Subramanian: No one question, sorry how how the randomness and final step happens. I missed it.
04:40:39 Mohamed Noordeen: Question, guys. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, randomness is, let's say, top K you say it's a top, K is going to be 10 top 10 words you select after thirteen 1010 words. Now the LLM the generative AI has a final step of selecting random words from that 10 words it will be any random 10 words.
04:40:45 Sriram Subramanian: No one question, sorry. How the randomness and final step happens? I missed it.
04:41:04 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, randomness is, let's say top K you say, let's say top K is going to be 10, top 10 words you select. After setting 10 words, now the LLM, the generative AI, has a final step of selecting random words from that 10 words. It will be rendered any random 10 words, so always the next word prediction is going to be random selection of the top 10 words what you're predicting. It will be any random 10 words, so always the next word prediction is going to be random selection of the top 10 words.
04:41:14 Mohamed Noordeen: What you're predicting? What you are predicting? OK. OK.
04:41:18 Sriram Subramanian: We need to define that where it happens. OK, OK.
04:41:20 Mohamed Noordeen: No. Yeah. Random random. No, it is a random, random.
04:41:23 Sriram Subramanian: We need to define that, where it happens. OK.
04:41:24 Mohamed Noordeen: Decoder final step is going to be random output. Let's do one thing right. Let's do one thing. Wait. Let's just give me 10 minutes. Let's try to summarise everything by asking to Elena.
04:41:27 Sriram Subramanian: OK, OK. Okay.
04:41:37 Mohamed Noordeen: Decoder final step is going to be a random output. Let's do one thing, wait. Let's do one thing, wait. Let's do one. Just give me 10 minutes. Let's try to summarise everything by asking to another. OK. Uh, okay. Getting my screen. Sharing my screen. You see my screen. Can you see my screen? Can you see my screen? OK, let's ask one question.
04:41:54 Sriram Subramanian: Yes, yeah, yeah. Yes, yeah, yeah.
04:41:55 Kamalam jayaraman: Yes, yes.
04:41:56 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Yes, no.
04:41:57 Mohamed Noordeen: Can you see my screen? OK, let's ask my question. H. HRGB. HRGBT. Hey, ChatGPT. Yeah.
04:42:13 neelsvel1: No.
04:42:17 Mohamed Noordeen: ChatGPT today we have learned about temperature, top K, top P on how generative AILLM is going to predict the next open. Can you take an example? Let's say 4 words as an input and one word for an output, and for that one word, can you?
04:42:38 Mohamed Noordeen: Hey, ChatGPT, today we have learned about temperature, top K, top P, on how generative AI LLM is going to predict the next token. Can you take an example? Let's say 4 words as an input and one word for an output. Good. And for that one word, can you go to the decoder and explain us what all words it has and what is the logic it has got and from that, how the temperature, let's say if I set temperature as zero 0.5 and one how the probability shifts? And for that one word, can you go to the decoder and explain us what all words it has and what is the logic it has got? And from that, how the temperature, let's say if I set temperature as 0.5 and one.
04:42:58 Mohamed Noordeen: I'll get them probably shifts and after the probability shifts, if I say top K is equal to 10, how it is going to change and if I say talk P is equal to 0.9 how it is going to shift and finally how the random next token is going to be generated. So can you give me the complete flow for me to understand. how the 10 probability shifts. And after the probability shifts, if I say top K is equal to 10, how it is going to change. And if I say top P is equal to 0.9, how it is going to shift. And finally, how the random next token is going to be generated. So can you give me the complete flow? For me to understand. for me to understand. OK. OK.
04:43:33 Mohamed Noordeen: Same example, just taken the cat sat on is the four tokens. Let's say this is the input given by the user and now the decoder must predict the next word, right? How it predicts the next word. Let's see on by 1. Let's understand and connect the dot whatever we will want is correct or not. The model computes scores like.
04:43:55 Mohamed Noordeen: Same example just taken. The cat sat on is the four tokens. Let's say this is the input given by the user. And now decoder must predict the next word, right? How it predicts the next word? Let's see one by one. Let's understand and connect the dot whatever you want is correct or not. The model computes sports like logics, so the logic functions 4.03.03.52.0 it can be cat sat on a mat, cat sat on the floor, cat sat on a chair or can be sofa table, roof grass or Sky Lisa are not.
04:44:09 Mohamed Noordeen: The model computes scores like logits, so the logic functions 4.03.03.2 point with all those things, so it can be cat sat on a mat, cat sat on a floor, cat sat on a chair, or can be sofa, table, roof, grass, or sky. Lisa, I'm not really good. Not probably set. So now convert to a logic convert logic to a probability, set a softmax function. So using a softmax function. If you just do it, we need to use it temperature here, right? So. These are unnormal score, not probability set. So now convert to a logic, convert logic to a probability set, a softmax function. So using a softmax function, if you just do it, we need to use a...
04:44:24 Mohamed Noordeen: Temperature here, right? Temperature here, right, so off. Temperature here, right? So, of... Hold up idea. Hold up, Pandiarajan. Exponential of L so OK, so exponential of 4.0 that become 54.620 point 112.1 all those things. OK. And then find a probability 0.570.01 all those things we have done. Now I'll play the temperature you need to update the temperature. So if K equal to 1 then it is T is going then this is equal to same score.
04:44:55 Mohamed Noordeen: If exponential of L, so OK, so exponential of 4.0, that become 54.6, 20.1, 12.1, all those things, OK, and then find the probability 0.57, 0.01, all those things we have done. Now, update the temperature and update the temperature. So, if K equal to 1, then it is... He's going to go to same score if L by T let's say t = 0.00. So if it is 0.00 you say mad is going to get 100% probability, that is straightforward, correct? Is this correct? T is equal to then is equal to same score. Now, if L by T, let's say T equal to 0.00, so if it is 0.00, you say Matt is going to get 100% probability that is straightforward, correct? Is this correct?
04:45:09 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yeah.
04:45:09 Mohamed Noordeen: Is this correct?
04:45:10 Devi Narayanan: Yes, sir, yeah.
04:45:12 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Facebook.
04:45:13 Mohamed Noordeen: 20 = 0.5 So now you divide that each. When T equal to 0.5, so now you divide that. Each probably that is what are you got 0.57? Sorry 54.6 / 0.5. And then you do an exponential of that. You get your 2980 and then probability 0.85 S. Now you get the probability's highest in there or the highest or for the top four top words will get highest.
04:45:41 Mohamed Noordeen: each probability that is whatever you got 0.57 sorry 54.6 divided by T which is 0.5 and then you do an exponential of that you get 2980 and then probability 0.85. So now you get the probabilities highest in there or the highest or. Or the top word. Top words will get highest probability, right? It's it is skewed on the top correct distribution becomes. For the top word, top words will get highest probability, right? It's it is skewed on the top, correct? Division becomes very peaked. distribution becomes very peaked. Let it this or no if it is P is less than T is if T is near to 0. Always the top words will have highest properties, yes or no.
04:45:59 Mohamed Noordeen: Very test or no? If it is T is less than T is if T is near to 0, always the top votes will have highest probabilities. Yes or no? Come on guys.
04:46:01 Kamalam jayaraman: Yes.
04:46:01 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yeah.
04:46:02 Mohamed Noordeen: Come on, guys.
04:46:02 Devi Narayanan: Yes, yeah.
04:46:03 Kamalam jayaraman: Yes.
04:46:03 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Okay.
04:46:04 Mohamed Noordeen: Right. So next if T is equal to away from zero, then you get the probabilities to be flattened and every every words have the more opportunity. So here, here if I if I make T equal to one, what happens here 5721 and 13. So there is some randomness possible. So this we are we are clear now low.
04:46:26 Mohamed Noordeen: Right, so next, if T is equal to away from 0, then you get the probabilities to be flattened and every word have the more opportunity. So here, if I make T equal to 1, what happens here? 57, 21 and 13. So there is some randomness possible. For this we are. We are clear now. For this we are. We are clear now, low team is deterministic, determined. This is what is going to happen. High team is creative. Randomness will happen. This one is clear, right. And now top K What does it? For this, we are we are clear now. Low T means deterministic, so determined. This is what is going to happen. High T means creative randomness will happen. This one is clear, right? And now top key. What does it mean if top K equal to 3 then we keep only the top three matte floor and chair. We reject the SOFA table, roof grass sky. Very simple right? Top three and then we normalise the properties to get one.
04:46:57 Mohamed Noordeen: And now, top K, what does it mean? If top K equal to three, then we keep only the top three: mat, floor, and chair. We reject the sofa, table, roof, grass, sky. Very simple, right? Top three, and then we normalise the probabilities. To get one. To get one. Correct. Correct.
04:47:01 Devi Narayanan: Yes, sir, yeah.
04:47:02 Mohamed Noordeen: And then. And then, Topi. Copy is we are going to select the top words which is under the cumulative probabilities of 0.9. That's it. Very simple 0.570.780.9 you you have a cumulative probabilities and keep only the top score and now if it speak top pick is 0.6 you just only take only top two. So here you have a chance of three. Here we have a chance of only two OK.
04:47:27 Mohamed Noordeen: Top piece, we are going to select the top words, which is under the cumulative probabilities of 0.9. That's it. Very simple. 0.57, 0.78, 0.9, you have a cumulative probabilities and keep only the top score. And now if you speak top equal 0.6, you just only take only the top two. So here you have a chance of three. Here we have a chance of only two, OK. So here you have a chance of three. Here we have a chance of only two. OK, now, after this final sampling, this is what is very important. So now we sample from the philtre distribution. So these are philtre distribution example outcome with low temperature T plus key always T with higher temperature press top T would be matte floor.
04:47:45 Mohamed Noordeen: So, here you have a chance of three, here we have a chance of only two. OK, now after this final sampling, this is what is very important. So, now we sample from the philtre distribution. So, this is a philtre distribution example outcome with low temperature, T plus T, always T with higher temperature.
04:47:45 Mohamed Noordeen: Stop. It would be mad. Floor or chair. Could be this could be is how this could be is how. Press top P could be mat floor or sharjil could be this could be is how this could be is how. Thought that is what is. Thought that is what is random.
04:47:53 neelsvel1: Okay.
04:47:53 Mohamed Noordeen: Support that is what is random.
04:47:54 Sunitha Ramu: I miss you.
04:47:54 Mohamed Noordeen: K So you.
04:47:54 Sunitha Ramu: Yes, sir.
04:47:59 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, so you. Let me ask this can you explain how that would be or how the words will be chosen in the last step if? Let me ask this: Can you explain how that would be, or how the words will be chosen in the last step? If it is top case, three out of the three, how that one word will be chosen? If it is top case 3, out of the three, how that one word will be chosen? It should be of random. It should be of random.
04:48:22 Mohamed Noordeen: So this is the exact moment where randomness enters the model. Let's make it content mechanical. These 3 words. Now how do we pick one word from these three? That is where it's called. Random sampling, weighted properties. OK, so so generate a random number, some number we generate build.
04:48:44 Mohamed Noordeen: So this is the exact moment where randomness enters the model. Let's make it content and mechanical. These 3 words. Now, how do we pick one word from these three? That is where it's called random sampling weighted probabilities. So generate a random number. Some number we generate. Some number we generate build a cumulative ranges 0.0 OK example runs if R is equal to 0.40. This number is what random if. If this is in zero point, if it is in this range then map will probably if 0.70 so it's it's a random random data so randomly it's going to select OK so model is not choosing the.
04:49:03 Mohamed Noordeen: Some number we generate, build a cumulative range is 0.0. OK, example runs if R is equal to 0.40, this number is what random if if this is in zero if it is in this range then map will probability if 0.70, so it's a random random data, so randomly is going to select. OK, so model is not choosing the highest every time it is sampling according to the probability mass. OK, so why it matters this? Will this would kill the creativity if you're if you're not doing this thing makes the outputs liquidated. We don't want to make the output repetitive, so in that case we are making it to be a random. OK here on this.
04:49:25 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, so model is not choosing the highest every time, it is sampling according to the probability mass. OK, so why it matters? This will this would kill the creativity if we are if you are not doing this thing, makes the outputs repetitive. We don't want to make the output repetitive, so in that case we are making it to be a random. Okay. Here on this. Get on this.
04:49:28 Devi Narayanan: Yes, Sir. Yes, sir.
04:49:29 Sriram Subramanian: This month.
04:49:30 Mohamed Noordeen: So this is the this is the magic behind the creativity. This is the magic behind the generative AI is generating the answer which is different for different user, different for, for for you itself right. How this difference when somebody's can ask you this question also how LLM is generating a response different while you ask the same question again and again your answer should be.
04:49:31 Kamalam jayaraman: Yes.
04:49:31 Sriram Subramanian: Miss Mohamed.
04:49:52 Mohamed Noordeen: So, this is the this is the magic behind the creativity. This is the magic behind the generative AI is generating their answer, which is different for different user, different for for for you itself, right? How this difference when somebody can ask you this question also how LLM is generating a response different while you ask? The same question again and again. The same question again and again, your answer should be. the same question again and again. The answer should be... Yes, answer. Yes, answer should be what.
04:49:58 Mohamed Noordeen: Yes, answer should be what?
04:49:58 Muniappan Mohanraj: I'm pretty much based on temperature.
04:49:58 Devi Narayanan: Should be based on temperature, top K, top C. Should be based on temperature.
04:49:59 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: Temperature. Temperature very easy. Temperature very easy.
04:50:01 Muniappan Mohanraj: Temperate based on temperature.
04:50:02 Devi Narayanan: Should be based on temperature, top gate of sea.
04:50:02 Mohamed Noordeen: We should talk about all those things. We should talk about temperature, top K, top B, and finally the sampling strategy that the random sampling is very important. Finally, from that top K and top P whatever we have started, we select a random sampling. OK, so yeah.
04:50:02 Devi Narayanan: Item selection. Random selection.
04:50:09 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah.
04:50:20 Mohamed Noordeen: We should talk about all those things. We should talk about temperature, top K, top P, and finally the sampling strategy, the random sampling is very important. Finally, from that top K and top P, whatever we have started, we select a random sampling. Okay. So yeah, I think this is very important topic. I hope you have got this topic. I want you to go and write a very good medium article on BP encoding and temperature top K, top B in one single article with some example. OK clear guys with this I think.
04:50:39 Mohamed Noordeen: So yeah, I think this is very important topic. I hope you have got this topic. I want you to go and write a very good medium article on BP encoding and temperature top K top V in one single article with some example. OK.
04:50:39 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, guys with this, I think we are. We are very much knowledgeable. Clear guys with this I think we are we are very much Knowledgeable now.
04:50:43 Sunitha Ramu: What is a? Yeah. What is the impact of the temperature with the PPO and DP? Right the seven pack way plus the lead person learning will get impacted right? A lot of lot of randomness. What is a?
04:50:44 Mohamed Noordeen: Knowledgeable now. A... No, this top key top key temperature is happening in the inference level, not on the training level.
04:50:59 Sunitha Ramu: What is the, yeah, what is the impact of the temperature with the PPO and DPO, right? This impact, right? Because the reinforcement learning will get affected, right? A lot of, a lot of randomness.
04:51:04 Mohamed Noordeen: No, this top key, top P temperature is happening in the inference level, not on the training level.
04:51:05 Sunitha Ramu: Okay.
04:51:06 Mohamed Noordeen: Right. While training. Yeah. That's also good question.
04:51:07 Sunitha Ramu: No. So. But it's a problem, right? There's a problem, right? But it's a problem, right? There's a problem, right? Then how do how do we put the control the PTO and avoid the harmful and then coming?
04:51:10 Mohamed Noordeen: Right, while training? Yeah, that's also a good question. Right. *******. Like, **** me.
04:51:20 Sunitha Ramu: Well, there is a problem, right? There is a problem, right? How do we put the control, the GPO, and avoid the harmful? And then coming in right then trust you.
04:51:20 Mohamed Noordeen: No. See it while while training while training, we expect this output to be on the top K top K equal to one. I want the output to be the first. So let's say here in my case. Let's say the cat sat on right in the in.
04:51:22 Sunitha Ramu: And then coming in. Yeah. Yeah.
04:51:37 Mohamed Noordeen: No, see here, while training, while training, we expect this output to be on the top K, top K equal to 1. I want the output to be the first. So let's say here in my case, let's say the cat sat on. Right in the in the training, if it is Matt, I want it to predict the mat on the top one that's. Right in the in the training if it is Matt, I want it to predict the mat on the top one. That's how we train. That's how we train.
04:51:47 Sunitha Ramu: No, my use case is to be creative, but I want to ensure no harmful content comes. So at the interest level, how do you control it? No, my use case is to be creative, but I want to ensure no harmful content comes in. So at the inference level, how do you control it?
04:52:00 Mohamed Noordeen: No, I'm not getting a punt. Sorry. Can you explain? No, I'm not getting a punt.
04:52:00 Sunitha Ramu: Get my point. Suppose I want. I want the use case to be creative. I want to have high temperature.
04:52:04 Mohamed Noordeen: No, I'm not getting your point. Sorry. Can you explain? OK.
04:52:07 Sunitha Ramu: Suppose I want, I want the use case to be creative. I want to have high temperature. I bet I think about the API level or interest level. How?
04:52:08 Mohamed Noordeen: Okay.
04:52:11 Sunitha Ramu: At that, I think up at the API level or inference learn.
04:52:12 Mohamed Noordeen: And.
04:52:12 Sunitha Ramu: How do I even be harmful? Content? There should be some even personal learning and all that, or it doesn't happen at all or. Then, how do they prevent the harmful content? There should be some even the reinforcement learning knowledge, or it doesn't happen at all. Or how does it get manager?
04:52:24 Mohamed Noordeen: But.
04:52:26 Sunitha Ramu: How to set the manager?
04:52:26 Mohamed Noordeen: You're saying if you're, if you're making creative the out, the model might eject the output, which is harmful.
04:52:27 Sunitha Ramu: Go away now. So, wait up. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, how do I control? Because.
04:52:35 Mohamed Noordeen: So, you're saying if you are if you are making creative, uh, the out the model might eject the output, which is harmful. OK, OK. Yeah, I got. I'm getting your point, see.
04:52:38 Sunitha Ramu: Ohh, yeah, how do I control because?
04:52:42 Mohamed Noordeen: Okay, okay. Yeah, I got, I'm getting your point. See. The model has been trained on humongous amount of data set. The model has been trained on humongous amount of data set. Model has been trained on billions of words and parameters. Now when you are asking a question, you give a response and when you get a response of a word, for example, here you ask a question with regards to scientific or mathematics or coding or.
04:53:08 Mohamed Noordeen: model has been trained on billions of words and parameters. Now, when you are asking a question, you get a response. And when you get a response of a word, for example, here, you ask a question with regards to scientific or... Mathematics or coding or? mathematics or coding or Or any sort of a different domain. or any sort of different domain. Your. Your output next token will be prevailing around those domain. Your output next token will be prevailing around those domains. Eric.
04:53:23 Sunitha Ramu: There's already a train. One is not a curvy thing, so the our electric happens before the inference and then always you avoid it or how does it?
04:53:23 Mohamed Noordeen: Eric, but. Correct, but what? Yeah. Yeah. So harmful and harmlessness is is kind of it's we call it the toxicity. We call it as harmful content. All those things, that is, that is we. We control that as a part of supervised fine tuning in supervised.
04:53:35 Sunitha Ramu: There's already a trained one is not a kind of thing, so the real R lecture happens before the inference, and then always you avoid it, or how does it? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, definitely, yeah. OK. OK, maybe we got that right. Next next letter, OK.
04:53:52 Mohamed Noordeen: No harmful and harmlessness is is kind of it's we call it the toxicity, we call it as harmful content, all those things that is that is we we control that as a part of supervised fine tuning. In supervised fine tuning, yeah. In supervised fine tuning. OK, let me ask this question like this. I want to harm my neighbour.
04:53:55 Sunitha Ramu: Okay, yeah, we will cover that, right? Okay.
04:54:05 Mohamed Noordeen: In supervised fine tuning, yeah, in supervised fine tuning. OK, let me ask this question like this: I want to come my neighbor. Yeah, you are. Give me some suggestion. Give me some suggestion. Here. Here what is happening here? So when I ask this question this one actually didn't went to the LM itself. OK. See it, what is happening here? So when I ask this question, this one actually didn't went to the LLM itself.
04:54:26 Sunitha Ramu: Okay.
04:54:27 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, this might be probably a guardrail also. Okay, this might be probably a guardrail also. Yeah, that is one.
04:54:31 Sunitha Ramu: Ohh.
04:54:31 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, that is one. This is that is one that is one possible way. If it is not in the guardrail also in. OK, that is one, this is that is one, that is one possible way if it is not in the guardrail also. In the alarm we have done. In the LLM, we have done a... Supervise fine tuning before creating a reward model, remember. supervised fine-tuning before creating a reward model. Remember? There labelers have created. Where labelers have created. Thousands of question and answer to train the model. thousands of questions and answers to train the model.
04:54:55 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah. Yeah, I'll like it. Yeah, it's just.
04:54:56 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. So in that process, it will understand the question and it knows when there is a question like this, I should always give an answer.
04:54:57 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah, I like it, yeah, it's just.
04:55:06 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, so in that process, it will understand the question, and it knows when there is a question like this, I should always... Give an answer. Give an answer something like this. Give an answer, something like this. OK, so this one happens on the first episode on the doorstep itself. We avoid it. We never go into the LLM to ask questions whenever we want to, whenever see a harmful. Okay, so this one happens on the first step, on the doorstep itself, we avoid it. We never go into the LLM to ask questions whenever we want to. Whenever we see a harmful question or whenever we see a response is harmful also, maybe stop there, so...
04:55:27 Sunitha Ramu: But the car purpose is still have that way the the training and all or I don't understand the spot but suppose. But the purpose will still have that right, the training and all, or I understand the. But suppose I set the temperature high. How do I prevent it? Because purposely.
04:55:40 Mohamed Noordeen: Temperature. A temperature.
04:55:42 Sunitha Ramu: Support, suppose I get a temperature high, how do I prevent it?
04:55:42 Mohamed Noordeen: No, temperature high doesn't give you harmful content temperature. Higher give you the content to be more diverse in nature or or you're giving more opportunity to generate a generate a word which is also having a lesser probabilities. That's what I'm giving. I'm not giving a harmful content as an output for for the temperature if temperature high.
04:56:07 Mohamed Noordeen: No temperature high doesn't give you harmful content. Temperature high give you the content to be more diverse in nature. Or you are giving more opportunity to generate a word which is also having a lesser probabilities. That's what I'm giving. I'm not giving a harmful content as an output for.
04:56:07 Sunitha Ramu: What do you say?
04:56:07 Mohamed Noordeen: For the temperature. If temperature high does, it doesn't mean the output will be harmful.
04:56:07 Sunitha Ramu: What do you say?
04:56:10 Mohamed Noordeen: If temperature is high, it doesn't mean the output will be harmful. Correct.
04:56:13 Sunitha Ramu: Go, go. Go go to Afghanistan before it comes to influence level. It is prevented as most everything. So, before it comes to influence level, it is prevented.
04:56:20 Mohamed Noordeen: No, I'm giving you two option one is if it is a guardrail, it will stop there itself if if it is not a guardrail then LLM will respond. This bash on this supervised fine tuning question and answer what labeler have given there itself. It will find and will give a response that I can't answer this particular thing because.
04:56:36 Sunitha Ramu: OK. Okay.
04:56:40 Mohamed Noordeen: I'm giving you two options. One is if it is a guardrail, it will stop there itself. If it is not a guardrail, then LLM will respond this based on this supervised fine tuning question and answer what labeler have given. There itself it will find and it will give a response that. I can't answer this particular. I can't answer this particular thing because if if we are allowing it LLM will start giving assessions. I can't answer this particular thing because if we are allowing it, LLM will start giving us all. It. Yeah. So temperature, if it is higher, we are not introducing an harmful content there. We are giving a response in a multiple. So temperature, if it is higher, we are not introducing an harmful content there. We are giving a response in a...
04:57:01 Mohamed Noordeen: Multiple dimension where we are still giving a OK let me just let me just give, let me just give an answer like this. So let's say let's say.
04:57:04 Sunitha Ramu: In. Is in the address.
04:57:14 Mohamed Noordeen: Multiple dimension where we are still giving a OK, let me just let me just give let me just give an answer like this, so let's say... Let's say in if I ask a question, there are 50 people in a class and when I ask question out of 50 people, there are one or two people who are who who already know this concept. Let's say in, if I ask a question, there are 50 people in a class, and when I ask a question, out of 50 people, there are one or two people who are, who already know this.
04:57:32 Mohamed Noordeen: Concept and they have self learned the concept and they can answer the concept to me and they are very much good good in it. So in that case when I ask a question if I make if I if I say whoever is best in this you should answer then I will always get an answer from those who have good knowledge about that particular concept who.
04:57:53 Mohamed Noordeen: concept and they have self-learned the concept and they can answer the concept to me and they are very much good in it. So in that case, when I ask a question, if I make, if I say whoever is best in this, you should answer, then I will always get an answer from those who have. Good knowledge about that particular concept. We have already learned about it. good knowledge about that particular concept who have already learned about it. Now, if I say now, if I say I want to give equal opportunity to everyone, so.
04:57:55 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah. Yeah.
04:58:01 Mohamed Noordeen: Now, if I say, now if I say I want to give equal opportunity to everyone. So in that case, I say not only those people have gone through the concept should answer the question. Also, those people who are learning for the first time or hearing for this first time. You should also answer this now what will happen? The answer I get from the different different people I get different perspective the the way you understood can be different.
04:58:22 Mohamed Noordeen: So in that case, I say not only those people who have gone through the concept should answer the question, also those people who are learning for the first time or hearing for this first time, you should also answer this. Now, what will happen? The answer I get from the different people, I get different perspective. The the way you understood can be different. The way the perspective of understanding with the different analogy might be different. So in that case the the the the class becomes more creative. OK, so if I get answer from different people who still it's not the best student but still they can answer then the creativity of answer becomes more and more.
04:58:41 Sunitha Ramu: No, I got it.
04:58:42 Mohamed Noordeen: The way you understood can be different. The way the perspective of understanding with a different analogy might be different. So in that case, the class becomes more creative. OK, so if I get answer from different people who still is not the best student, but still they can answer, then the creativity of answer becomes more and more.
04:58:42 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah, I got it.
04:58:43 Mohamed Noordeen: Right. Right. But it doesn't mean that we are. We are introducing the we are introducing the harmful there. We are introducing a toxicity there. We're introducing any any other things there no.
04:58:48 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah. Kannan.
04:58:54 Mohamed Noordeen: Right, but it doesn't mean that we are we are introducing the we are introducing the harmful there, we are introducing the toxicity there, we are introducing any any other things there, no.
04:58:55 Sunitha Ramu: Right, more than sensor.
04:58:56 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. Yeah.
04:58:58 Sunitha Ramu: Right, more, more again, sir.
04:58:59 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, that's also another question. Let me ask this one. This temperature top B and top K is it used while training? I understand it is not in training, only on inference, but can you just verify make understanding is correct? Yeah, that's also another question.
04:59:12 Sunitha Ramu: Good.
04:59:17 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, that's also another question. Let me ask this question. This temperature, top P and top K, is it used while training? I understand it is not in training only on inference, but can you just verify my understanding is correct? Okay. So top temperature, top K top be used during only a different inference only on generation, so not used on the training process. OK, that's the. That's also discussion came. OK, so in the training process we always do this loss function to make my ground truth to be the best token. OK, I want my output to be the best.
04:59:40 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah.
04:59:42 Mohamed Noordeen: So, top temperature, top K, top P used during only a different inference only on generation, so not use on the training process. OK, that's the that's also discussion came. OK, so in the training process, we always do this loss function to make my ground truth to be the best token. OK. I want my output to be the best. I want my output to be the best. Yeah. I think, yeah, that's the case. Next week we will have more hands on, OK. I think, yeah, that's the case. Next week, we will have more hands-on. OK, we will try to create. We'll use olama. We will use APIs. So get ready because we have enough theoretical.
04:59:59 Mohamed Noordeen: OK, we will try to create, we will use Olama, we will use APIs, so get ready because we have enough. Theoretical knowledge. Now, I hope everybody can talk about. I hope everybody can talk about Jenny. I I hope everybody can talk about attention about transformer, about decoder, about temperature, about top K, about top key, about encoding, about embedding.
05:00:20 Mohamed Noordeen: theoretical knowledge now. I hope everybody can talk about LLMs. I hope everybody can talk about Janani. I hope everybody can talk about attention, about transformer, about decoder, about temperature, about top K, about top P, about encoding, about... Embedding right, I hope. I wish you are all on the same page. So now with enough also with the paper how GPT one how GPT 2 has built how GPT 3 has built, how GPT instruct GPT has built how reinforcement learning with human feedback has built, how reinforcement learning with EI feedback has built.
05:00:39 Mohamed Noordeen: embedding, right? I hope, I wish you are all on the same page. So now with NF, also with the paper, how GPT1, how GPT2 has built, how GPT3 has built, how GPT instruct GPT has built, how reinforcement learning with human feedback has built. Our reinforcement learning with EA feedback has built. So how self refinance used so with all those information you have a very good knowledge about speaking that in interview with your colleague with your manager with someone who asked questions about the internal understanding of all those things. I wish you can answer it is it.
05:00:58 Mohamed Noordeen: How reinforcement learning with AI feedback has built. So how self-refine has used. So with all those information, you have a very good knowledge about speaking that in interview with your colleague, with your manager, with someone who asks questions about the internal understanding of all those things. I wish you can answer it. Is it? Is it? Is my understanding correct? Is my understanding correct?
05:01:03 Sunitha Ramu: Yeah.
05:01:04 Mohamed Noordeen: Everyone. Everyone.
05:01:08 Sathiyarajan Mariyappan: Yes, no.
05:01:08 Mohamed Noordeen: And. To need to answer. To Naidu answer. Only to answer. Only to answer.
05:01:18 Damodaran Selvaraj: I smoke, yeah.
05:01:18 Venkatesan prahalanathan: Yes, ma'am.
05:01:19 Damodaran Selvaraj: Arsh, no, yeah.
05:01:19 Kamalam jayaraman: It.
05:01:23 Sheriba Thankarajan Selvam: It's not.
05:01:25 Mohamed Noordeen: Four. Others. It's bhagya. Thank you others. Yes, Bhagya. Thank you, others.
05:01:37 Sunitha Ramu: Snow.
05:01:38 Mohamed Noordeen: Somebody not thank you. Yes, then. Shabbir, not thank you, yes, then. My knowledge is. Manoj is. Now Sheen are you are you clear about the concept init? Now, Sheen, are you clear about the concept? Initially you were asking some question. After that I didn't find any questions from you. Now she. Initially, you were asking some question. After that, I didn't find any questions from you. Now, Shin. Sir, are you then yes. Siraj Ziauddin, yes. Oh. And right? Yeah.
05:02:06 Naushin: Are you here?
05:02:06 Mohamed Noordeen: And right, yeah.
05:02:07 Naushin: Are you to hear?
05:02:07 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. Tell me. Yeah. Now I. Yeah. Tell me. Yeah. Now I can hear.
05:02:10 Naushin: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm.
05:02:10 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, tell me, yeah, now I can hear.
05:02:10 Naushin: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm keeping up with the conscience. Yeah, I'm able to understand that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm keeping up with the conscience, yeah, I'm able to understand that.
05:02:16 Mohamed Noordeen: Good. OK, good.
05:02:17 Naushin: Thank you. Thank you.
05:02:18 Mohamed Noordeen: Good. Yeah. So now with this enough theoretical concept, now we should dive deep into the practical concept, yes.
05:02:23 Sureshkumar Venkatachalam: So. No. Share me those Harris shows excel sheet that we discussed right this Harris.
05:02:28 Mohamed Noordeen: Good. Yeah. So now with this enough theoretical concept, now we should dive deep into the practical concept. Yes. Yeah, I will. I will have it.
05:02:33 Sureshkumar Venkatachalam: No, share me those, Harris, those Excel sheet that we discussed, right? Please, Harris.
05:02:33 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, I will, I will, I will.
05:02:33 Sureshkumar Venkatachalam: Thank you. Thank you.
05:02:36 Mohamed Noordeen: I think.
05:02:36 Sathiyarajan Mariyappan: Yeah, no.
05:02:36 Mohamed Noordeen: So with this, yeah, yes, I think.
05:02:38 Sathiyarajan Mariyappan: Yeah, no, you know. Yeah, Lord, you know. Yeah, go ahead and. Yeah, go ahead and finish your touch.
05:02:40 Mohamed Noordeen: So, with this, yeah, yes, I think.
05:02:40 Sathiyarajan Mariyappan: Yeah, go ahead and finish your thoughts.
05:02:40 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah. I just want to say that. So we will cover or we'll start the practical concept from next week. So next week purely we'll be doing a lot of practical. So get ready for your practicals. Have your olama in your locals and if possible, I would like you to go and get some credit from open AI or clod anyway. So anyone.
05:03:02 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, I just want to say that, so we will cover or will start the practical concept from next week. So next week, purely we'll be doing a lot of practical. So get ready for your practicals, have your Elumalai and your locals. And if possible, I would like you to go and get some credit from Open AI. Or Claude. Anyway, so anyone you can take it or Gemini. So have that API subscription you'll use that API subscription for next week, OK. or Claude, anyway, so anyone you can take it or Gemini. So have that API subscription. You'll use that API subscription for next week. Yeah. That's it. Yes, I did it.
05:03:13 Sathiyarajan Mariyappan: Yeah, got it. Yeah. No. So, you know, since we're going to do, you know, the olama, you know, exercise from next week, right, 8GB RAM on M1 is sufficient node or you want us to.
05:03:14 Mohamed Noordeen: That's it. Yeah, AGB is very small satiraj, but if you can't able to it, that's fine. We can use APIs can use.
05:03:27 Sathiyarajan Mariyappan: Yeah, got it, no, no, yeah, no, so you know, since we are going to do, you know, the Olama, you know, exercise from next week, right? A GB RAM on M1 is sufficient node, or you want us to? OK.
05:03:29 Sathiyarajan Mariyappan: Okay. Oh, OK.
05:03:31 Mohamed Noordeen: AGB is very small, but if you can't able to do it, that's fine. We can use APIs. Use the appears.
05:03:32 Sathiyarajan Mariyappan: Okay.
05:03:32 Mohamed Noordeen: Use the appears OK, but I'm not pressurising you to go and buy it. There are many platform which gives APIs. I will I will talk about that from next class. How you can find how you can get APIs from different sources yeah.
05:03:33 Sathiyarajan Mariyappan: OK. Okay. Right. Right. OK, OK. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I got it. So you know and you know, for the subscription rate, you want us to, you know, but we we can see that you're using you know cloud as well as you know ChatGPT, right. So you want us to take you know both the subscriptions in order to. Yeah.
05:03:51 Mohamed Noordeen: can use APIs. Okay. But I'm not pressurising you to go and buy it. There are many platforms which gives APIs. I will talk about that from next class. How you can find, how you can get APIs from different sources. Yeah. Yeah. EE. No, no, no, no, no. This this subscription is different for APA. This is for using the ChatGPT. I'm asking to use for using the API. That is a different platform, so that's not different that will.
05:04:11 Sathiyarajan Mariyappan: Yeah, I got it. So, you know, and you know, for the subscription rate, you want us to, you know, but we can see, right, you're using, you know, cloud as well as, you know, charge GBD, right? So you want us to take, you know, both the subscriptions in order to, yeah. Yeah, yeah, I. Yeah, yeah, I got it. Yeah, I got it, actually. Because, you know, I I'm trying to use the, you know, base version or, you know, free version of, you know, the copilot cloud and, you know, ChatGPT. So, you know, I'm trying to mimic the setup that you have so far. That right. So what's the, you know, cheaper cheapest approach.
05:04:20 Mohamed Noordeen: No, no, no, no, no. The subscription is different for API. This is for using the ChatGPT. I'm asking to use for using the API. That is a different platform, so that's not different. That will. Yeah.
05:04:38 Sathiyarajan Mariyappan: Yeah, yeah, I got it, yeah, I got it actually, because you know I am trying to use the, you know, base version or you know free version of you know, the co-pilot cloud and you know, ChatGPT, so you know, I'm trying to mimic the setup that you have so far that right, so...
05:04:38 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah.
05:04:38 Sathiyarajan Mariyappan: What's the, you know, cheaper cheapest approach to? Yeah.
05:04:40 Mohamed Noordeen: We will discuss this next week. I will just tell you how what to do. Don't, don't. Don't buy anything. So next week, we will. I will tell you what you can use it, what we can buy it.
05:04:40 Sathiyarajan Mariyappan: What's the, you know, cheaper, cheapest approach to, yeah? Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You wanna know if I use it? If you use it for a couple of months, right? Even if you spend some extra bucks, that should be fine. But yeah, not ignore, OK?
05:04:52 Mohamed Noordeen: We will discuss this next week. I will just tell you how, what to do. Don't buy anything. So next week we will, I will tell you what you can use it, what we can buy it.
05:04:55 Mohamed Noordeen: Mhm. In. Yeah, I will. I will tell you what are the right option and. Yeah, I will. I will tell you what are the right option and the cheapest option, yeah.
05:05:03 Sathiyarajan Mariyappan: Yeah, even you know, if I use it, if you use it for a couple of months, right? Even if you spend some extra bucks, that should be fine, uh, but yeah, not a no. Okay. OK.
05:05:04 Mohamed Noordeen: Yeah, I will tell you what is the right option and cheapest option here.
05:05:04 Sathiyarajan Mariyappan: OK, fine. Okay, fine.
05:05:05 Mohamed Noordeen: Find it. Find it. Yes, guys, that's it. So give me. Yes, guys, that's it. So give me give me two minutes. Give me two minutes. Yes, guys, that's it. So give me, give me two minutes, give me two minutes.
  